# Economics
Not concerned with [[shopping]].

## Banks
Due to the medieval nature of forgotten realms, most of modern banking can be shoehorned into a single "bank" institution.

In this campaign, only a single bank exists, the `Grand Obsidian` with main branch in [[cityofbrass]] (withdrawals subscription teleport service).

Some ideas of what a bank might offer:

### Borrowing
Adventuring == high risk, high reward.
20% rent per month.

### Collateral Lending
Prices at 75% of market value (based on spread) as collateral (spell ritual).
Get loan of the market value presented as collateral.
On week end, pay back loan with 10% interest (cost to ensure good faith).
On death, week end, weapons collected (automatically).

### Investment
5% return in a month on good investments.
-4% a month on bad investments.
INT check on investment?

Investing in local business, then they can make those business better through actions.

Decades in feywild/petrified? They/them have to prove their identity.
Can use this as a Count of Monte Christo style timeskip to use their wealth.

### Lending
1% a month interest. (1 year => 1.12x, 10 years => 3.3x, 50 years => 400x)
Use time distortion in feywild to make money.

### Bank Quests
Banks also need adventurers to make their risky enterprises less risky. Guard ships, hunt down bandits, etc.
1. rescue lost parties (or bring back their valuables / horses / items) to alleviate losses.
2. establish colony (west marches campaign, unexplored land)
3. portugueese style trading posts from one new loc to another (planar trade?)
4. Loss prevention; bank vault anti-heists, locating thieves, retrieve stolen goods
5. Dealing with slaves (banks biggest slave owners)
6. Lobbying (banks hate taxes, rulers love them; hire the saviours to put in good words with the king)

Can have exteremely wealthy families like the **Rothschilds** (owning multiple branches) across regions.
Can have divisions administering conquered land, assets, slaves; **Knights Templar**. Can have their own army, laws, and influencers responsible for inventing banking practices in new areas.

### Insurance Fraud
https://old.reddit.com/r/DnDBehindTheScreen/comments/k42k6w/insurance_fraud_my_goto_beginner_hook_for_a/
> Rorschach test to see what kind of party the players want to be: honest, vengeful, opportunistic/ambitious, etc.

Escort mission, that insuring bank requires a party to escort.
Then as they are waylain, they are told of deception to incite insurance fraud.
- Go along with fraud for promise of easier money
- Refuse to cooperate and fight/extort them

If going along, then bandits will later try to kill them to "make the robbery look legitimate"

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[shopping]: shopping "Shopping"
[cityofbrass]: ../planar/cityofbrass "City of Brass"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
