Backstage Octagon
16 Mar 2021

You went to the The Ivory Ducks Pub, met some genasi innkeepers, paid (45g) for 3 nights (4 rooms).
After a bit of purchase attunement, you regather and find a much older Goatweaver (50 now), and realization that artifacts affect everyone differently.

You ate an unreasonable amount of food, and headed to the Sultan's tower to scry in the morning.
Mordai focused all his attention on what you knew about [[arklem]], and was able to locate his presence in [[irithyll]], above a higly vertical, warded, seemingly undead city in the shadowfell, in a lair behind white shadowy walls deep within the cathedral, in a room with several magic items (failed to find phylactery).

Then, planning to get to know this `Rak Tulkhesh` - the champion you were meant to fight in 2 days - you went to the Onyx Octagon to get to to grips with how things worked.

You saw the second most popular fighters in the arena; the Zisters - two demonic mariliths - eviscerate a Goristro - a huge fiend by the name of Morromoth. You even pocketed some betting money on the event, setting the stage for future self-bets.

However, through your exploration, the information you found on the champion was not great:
- can fly, and summon weapons (like Fate/Zero Gilgamesh) to launch at you from a distance
- can provoke enemies into attacking themselves
- at the very least has some resistance to lightning/fire damage
- a devil who has been an Overlord for Avernus in the bloodwar for decades
- a personal body guard for Asmodeus (The Lord of Lies and Ruler of the Nine Hells)

In the hopes that these mariliths could provide more information about Rak Tulkhesh, Faey, eliding the backstage pass fee, turned invisible and snuck past the guards and made his way into the backstage area with the Mariliths.
This however, does not go so well. After a brief, and deception riddled conversation, Faey found himself locked in, and attacked.

Now, Mordai's familiar made its way inside, but is currently out of range from reporting back what happened inside. (Roll for whether it gets out, mariliths have truesight).

So. With two days left until your scheduled fight with Rak Tulkhesh, we are going to focus on the two of you left out of the loop, as you wait in the lobby, anticipating Faey to return. What would you like to do?

TODO: scry on irae (to find maerimydra?) tomorrow
- room with teleport circle and green flame lake in shar

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[arklem]: ../npcs/arklem "Arklem Greeth"
[irithyll]: ../east/irithyll "Irithyll"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
