Octagone
30 Mar 2021

You anxiously awaited your battle with [[rak-tulkhesh]] the next day and spent a full evening preparing.

The battle starts, blades fly, 28 points per blade, 6 blades per round with +17 to hit. Should have killed any party with 20AC and a normal amount of healing.

__This is the type of battle I was raking my brain over how to handle this, I could not signal any more clearly that this fight was a trap. But still you found ways. Rolled everything in the open, because this was so hard that this is one for the dice.__

Haste, Heroism, and Enmity makes a strong start while you start funnelling healing into GW. He gets blinded, his buffs get dispelled, and faces a round of lethargy. You haste him again.

Blades keep on hailing down. Between 4-6 every round. Not hitting perfectly, but it's rough. Rak is tough enough to survive 7 crits from GW.

Then GW goes down. Mordai Wall of Forces him while casting Blink to gamble on his own safety. Faey is banished.

Rak starts healing. GW starts healing. Meanwhile Faey is chasing potions in the Faeywild, trying to get one in less than a minute.

Wall drops, GW charges in again, more crits, but it's not enough. GW goes down, Faey is away, Mordai is in the ethereal plane. Remaining blades perforate GW, and he dies, after delivering a total of 800hp worth of dmg to Rak.

It's up to Mordai alone who on a 50% chance goes to the Ethereal plane (safe from damage, for all but one blade), or stays here (probably taking 5 blades). Rak has 35 hit points left.

Mordai does 5 with the Familiar. Hellish rebuke 11dmg fire after res.
Eldritch blast. 1 miss, even with favoured by the gods. But two hits just push it over with 23dmg.
Familiar actually load bearing.

Clapping ensues, efreeti with blank faces glide out from a northern door in the arena. They spread out around rak, casting some sort of spell together that raises Rak up on a glowing disc which they then use to transports him into the center.
What would you like to do?

Perception: 15, spot diamond. Inv 15. Something surgical about their appearance. You get a feeling they are clerics.

Give them title; Vanquisher of the Onyx Champion 1499.

Cashing in: See [[cityofbrass]] after-rak.
Loan: improv. They won 400k into acc, but need to repay 240 + 9% rent to uncollateralize.

Doing anything dodgy?
- devils are watching (abishai wants revenge) report to efreeti police.
- efreetis elite guard watching
- Fines of 50k gold, otherwise threaten to enslave, imprison

Efreet collection? See [[dhaikhezzish]] after-the-loss. leads into scry.

Scrying. [[cityofbrass]] irae-scrying.

Baphomet.
- remember attunement bonuses for maul in [[99-brass-banking]] (psychic res, +10ft base speed)
- MAP: https://dicegrimorium.tumblr.com/image/186724649655
- Undead flowing from cemetery + abomminations. Throw in a beholder. Throw in undead archers.

Sending Zaehesh
Has the daemon lord arrived, do you need help? We can come now if you need.
"dying noises"
nat 1 one teleport.


Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[rak-tulkhesh]: ../npcs/rak-tulkhesh "Rak Tulkhesh"
[cityofbrass]: ../planar/cityofbrass "City of Brass"
[dhaikhezzish]: ../npcs/dhaikhezzish "Dhaikhezzish"
[99-brass-banking]: 99-brass-banking "99-brass-banking"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
