Nat 1 Teleport
06 April 2021

You celebrated your victory over Rak Tulkhesh at the Onyx Octagon last week.
Participated in a brief amount of illegal religious advocacy (which you were fined for), then collected your now extreme wealth from your 8-1 bet.

You rested and healed, cleared up your debt, cleaned your items from collateralization, got your premium bank subscription, kept your money in the bank (1% monthly interest), and then saw the Sultan, who upheld his part of the deal and loaned you Extinction, an artifact embedding a rod of absorption.

Some final shopping done outside the session later, you headed to the spire to scry on Irae, and found her Acropolis in velddrinnsshar above a green flame lake, trying to create something.

She noticed your invisible scrying sensor, and tried to peer through, but you stepped out of it.
Trying to find out if something had happened in Neverwinter, you messaged [[zaehesh]], who just responded with dying noises.

Promptly, you Plane Shifted to Neverwinter with a nat1 level accuracy, where you find yourselv over the - now lava filled - gorge on the south end of the city, standing on a small sinking plateau, with a beholder at one side, and the enormous minotaur demon Baphomet on the other.

TODO:
- Heading to Irithyll after battle
- Plan battle extras. Can we have undead with a beholder? Antimagic Ray?
- Invite to Beholders & Baphomet
- Heartcleaver artifact

NB:
- Mordai; unknown vuln necrotic. Blinded when lost extinciton.
- GW: Soon read book (effects in [[99-brass-banking]])

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[zaehesh]: ../npcs/zaehesh "Zaehesh"
[99-brass-banking]: 99-brass-banking "99-brass-banking"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
