Hydrangeal Planning
04 May 2021

Got your Kastle Knever / Kastle Kavaki set up right.

Mordai used a week to learn some of the fortifications of the castle (keep level fortifactions unfound), activate the teleportation circle, and scry on a plethora of things. Scried on Irithyll, the insides of Irithyll Cathedral.

You found a bit about the general layout of the city, and the general layout of the upper levels of the Cathedral. Upper levels apparently derelict remains of some named necromancer Larloch.

GW made a ramshackle shrine to Kavaki with flowers out front. A single column with a goat's head on top and some swords planted in the ground trying to woo the lord.

GW did try to convert (scruffy) Jake from Jake Rose's flower shop, who was delivering Hydrangeas of Mystra (which apparently was just a marketing ploy, daughter janet revealed). This was mostly unsuccessful, and Mordai was accidentally killing some of the flowers during all this instead. Flowers not hostile creatures.

In the mean time, you laid plans on how to enter irithyll, you were considering trying to backdoor your way in, which seems hard. Currently, your plan was through the misty path on the southern mountains, past the abandoned pyramid, through the valley, and over the main bridge.

Then possibly, some flight/gaseous form shenanigans, through a warded city, and we'll see what happens.
You stopped by in Waterdeep through an Oak teleport to stock up and take the Griffins down south.
Anything you'd like to do while you're here.

DO:
- mention again how much more charismatic GW sounds now, not just the halo +2 cha
- extinction non-detection:
   * 8h for 1 charge, 1 person => 9 points a day impossible
   * 12h for 2 charges, 2 people => 8 casts a day (too high)
   * __8h for 1 charge, 2 people => 6 points a day (kind of right)__
   * 16h for 1 charges, 1 people => 4.5 points a day on avg, but annoying
   * 12h for 2 charges, 3 people => 4 points a day (a bit too cheap)
- TODO: seed poop from mountain salamander (can be summoned as part of fight)

Irithyll:
- make sure they pass through [[path-of-suffering]]
- make sure they meet keanu early when they try magic
- city dangers alone; active dangers; ballistas, skeletons vomitting, fire archers, heavy necrotic damage; (see City Style)
- gaseous form / flight / dim door? DC20 magnetosphere ward.
- seed The Skipper from the royals if you have to (otherwise, lore add)

TODO:
- need fleshing out arklem's items (spellbook), his phylactery (done), motivations
- FUCKING DUNGEON (theatre of the mind)
- CORRUPTING INFLUENC OF SHADOWFELL


Guesses:
- Arklem phylactery not with Iraes (no, [[penthacoron]])
- they think they can fly, but it doesn't work
- need to talk to crazy undead

want to take out arklem without him having prepared
scry on arklem through his body afterwards
faey has manacles (cover his mouth? telepathy, cover his face?)
they know this probably wont work
but if they kill him, they can take out his items
phylactery in the pyramid?
kill arklem before irae
first: magic supplies in WD, then something something irithyl, but conceal magic


Log:
- bought scrolls, food staff
- Gregor thought GW is a druid. Wants to see inside of a tree. Hes in debt and wants to suicide in a tree.
- GW makes a shrine. religion 6. bone colum. It's bad. "Maker better shrine later".
- Faey scouts out. Sees two cities collided. Red lights in church.
- Invis. Faey keeps eye out.
- Sending works.
- Reaver backstabbed them in the church, they killed him
- Vampire respawn time
- Transmutation/Conjuration block unless arcana 20 (winged boots work!)
- Council might not be happy with them
- Seeded the Blue Should-Be-Extinct Salamander (TODO: now do the blue saphire poop)
- TODO: blood pool in there
- TODO: arklem surpires?
- TODO: surprise skeleton
- they found the crawl space entrance to bypass the council foyer

plan: bust open, immediate fireball/lightning, stormbow auto-crit, maybe fork, adv to hit, unseen attacker. can silence the entire door. clairvoyance.

TODO: seed the skipper...

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[path-of-suffering]: ../east/path-of-suffering "Path of Suffering"
[penthacoron]: ../planar/penthacoron "Penthacoron"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
