109-arklem-oubliette

After sneaking around in an Oubliette underneath Irithyll Cathedral, you found yourself embroiled in battle. Nothing too difficult, some unusual undead creatures that you all got into one corner and almost destroyed in two rounds.

Things did heat up in round 2 though, as Arklem entered the fight with Time Stop. He threw down a DBF, protection spells, and an environmental stinking cloud, trying to give you 30s to explain yourself as the time stop wore off.

However, seeing as Goatweaver was next in the initiative round, this was perhaps a naive idea. GW misty stepped straight up into his face, triggering the DBF, which Mordai was resistant to, and Faey somehow did a 31 dex save to escape the corridor creeping 18d6 fireball (2d6 environmental, 4 rounds).

Arklem had some pretty powerful [[chronomancy]] spells; Overcharge (letting him cast two spells at once), and proceeded to infuse an `Existential Paradox`  for 20d10 damage into GW and then an `Unstable Singularity` to trap all of you.

Unfortunately for him, because he had to cast it just past Faey to do this, got the opportunity to deflect it. Now this worked (beat the high spell DC), but it did deflect south, so all of you were still in it, but because of the earlier interception and proximity to the wall, it meant that Arklem was also.

4d10 force damage (21) to everyone crushed up in it. GW proceeds to heal up, does one attack but encounters some resitances, Mordai throws one eldritch blast.
The next round the singularity collapses, pushing everyone with extreme force; 12d10 force damage with an absolute God Roll of (almost retcon, say 'like') a hundred damage.
This also hits Arklem.

But Mordai down, GW low, Arklem low; and he Dimension Doors out south.

You end up trying follow him, and find big adamantine doors that you try to unlock. GW's sight reveals 1 undead and 4 fiends (3 south).
After some puttering around, you come to the ingenious solution to use divination potion so see within and use + mage hand to grab the door unlocking levers through the diviniation sight.

It works, you're in. GW swats away 3 imps in one round, Arklem emerges from a pool, and dimension doors again left.
He's close, but he's at the Teleportation Circle of his chamber, and next round he is out, and you unfortunately, just get to watch him dissappear.

At the end of this, GW checks out the latter corridor, and apparently finds a devil (actully tiefling), and charges towards him. Initiative.

books;
- how to construct pocket planes (dimensional stability == platonic hyber solid)
- chronomancy book
- something prophetic about needing 3 creatures
- kill the skipper
- path to share introducible by Malexus

find the [[tesseract]]

notes:
- items: mantle of spell resispance, manual of quickness of action, nolzur's marvelous pigments
- book for gw (divination for dummies)
- escape plot... can't teleport. who waits? Reaver? Reaver + Monarchs (THEY PORTED)
- books on larlock; keys to interpretting chronomancy
- don/doff rules: 1/3rd hit dice, don10 minutes	doff/5 minutes. 11AC without.

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[chronomancy]: ../rules/chronomancy "chronomancy"
[tesseract]: ../planar/tesseract "Tesseract"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
