111-prismatic-pyramid
8 June 2021

## [[goatweaver]]
augury figured out (profile section).
gregor at 3pm in 3 days not bringing kids (normal voice), to go to baldurs gate.
summon a rino (profile section), it seems "ok" with its new celestial role and wanders into town in search of a spa.

## [[mordai]]
studies spells from chronomancy book and actually understands them, takes the power source and incorporates the energy into the timepiece.

## [[faey]]
"is faey fay"

### Mages guild
They set up a protection ruse in the city. Non-detection, scry-proofness. All students involved even.
Party running protection magic until that point.
They find a way for you to get inside the [[tesseract]]. Diano in Ethereal plane + Ursula here holding it clear.

### Inside Wasteland
Burning man scenario, sounds, torches. Large nightwalker chasing you as you rush to the door.
Mordai spends way too long on the lock, burns a Wall of Force spell.
It doesn't even work, but he doesn't know that, and GW saves.
Door opens, you make your way in, barricade, and only take slight amounts of aura damage.

### Inside Pyramid
found lots of strange rooms, raging fire, rancid meats, electricity
you tried to do the opposite of what the layers seemed to represent; cold on the red fire layer, this worked.
orange layer (detected to be acid from rat) had less of a clear combo. by looking at the associated room, and rendering the unsafe meat more safe, you chowed down a whole steak, and turns out a bit of __strong wind__ is what was needed.
yellow layer; greed, lightning; tried combos; eldritch blast and force damage worked
green layer; envy, less clear, tried all the combos. you went to the green gorgon greaser in the side room who complimented faey's green hair, you gave him some, and he joined you in and cast something (passwall) to remove the green layer
blue room; sloth; you did not sleep, you just bonfired it.

so that leaves the 2 layers here; Indigo and Violet, and also two rooms here that you haven't checked out.

TODO: can still bail on only one person solution to these..
TODO: tweak timepiece (said to give one 7th)
TODO: tweak negatives from chronomancy spells. did I add more?

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[goatweaver]: ../pcs/goatweaver "Goatweaver"
[mordai]: ../pcs/mordai "Mordai"
[faey]: ../pcs/faey "Faeynore"
[tesseract]: ../planar/tesseract "Tesseract"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
