112-tesserect
15 June 2021

In the Tesseract, you had two layers left; Lust(Indigo) + Pride(Violet).
You attempted to solve the pride layers with Mordai entering some strange illusion room where he saw his mother.
(Unfortunately, he committed the sin of pride as he was inside and slowly turned blind).

Faey found his "inner light" (of Sunwuko) in the indigo room and temporarily cast enough light to take out the corr. layer.

This left only the teleport-allowed violet layer, and a visible Contingency.
Some experimentation with the the familiar poofing, faey shadowsteps inside, pick up the vase. But this triggers the Contingency; a big wave of water blasts through the corridors towards you, GW takes one of the impacts from this enormous wave, forcing you all into the cul-de-sac that is the chamber of the phylactery, while defenses are clearly being summoned.

Quick thinking, two individual, dimension doors (some more successful than others) get you outside, but within range of the Nightwalker.

You do try some clever ways of distracting it by ways of GW, however, Faey takes the most damage here. t, and watch the water start to take down the entire pyramid.

After some quick bone questions to Kavaki and quick thinking when you headed back, you placed the tesseract into the cliffsides outside the city, where it detonated spectacularly.

TODO:
- ~~overcharge might need more of a self-damage buff 4d6~~ nah it's fine
- seed the skipper (malexis?) / candlekeep?
- can they freeform their way in?
- who to talk to? [[silver-helix]] knows? [[andraste]] can loan dragonbow to faey?
- mention Natalya if they go there

notes:
- mention candlekeep lore (prophecy interpretation)
- scrying potentials

plans:
- track liches to shar (they know dragonlake, seed skipper?, other lore?)
- hornweaver stuck in stable
- gregor (might come to dragon lake, or they might return in 2 days)

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[silver-helix]: ../factions/silver-helix "Silver Helix"
[andraste]: ../pcs/andraste "Andraste"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
