114-familiar-travel
29 June 2021

You plan how to attack [[velddrinnsshar]]. Stock up on potions, depoof a locked up hornweaver, and prepare to travel to a nearby oak.

One good deed later, where you find out that Gregor is not necessarily an innocent man, you summon a crocodile and port through the town square tree. Unfortunately gets his tail cut off in the process.

You tear a rowboat off your robe of useful items, and set off. [[goatweaver]]'s Crocweaver / Athlocrock is not super fast without a tail (but he speaks giant, even without being classified as a giant croc).

Anyway, you haul the croc across the lake, try to find the spot for porting through, but you fail to activate it.

You met [[andraste]] (takeover) who have heard your liches in involved with [[kiaransalee]]. You share prophecies, interpretations. Turns out her grandmother fought against her. You got her grandmother's [bow](https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/2819631-dragonwood). Worrying that perhaps they are at the cusp of summoning, she advices against getting a full interpretation of this at this point.

She tells you of one creature, that based on observation, can get you through to [[velddrinnsshar]]; the [[skipper]]. Turns out you found his black metal boat 10m long hidden behind some shrubbery on the eastern shoreline. Strange mechanisms inside that you could not get to work.

But flying up to his protected dwelling, you found an old deep gnome trickster. In a heavily trapped setup. You bargain for a deal. The deal; you get safe travel and return from [[velddrinnsshar]], and he gets the __beholder mirror__, an extremely luminous __halos light topaz__, and the __tasting spork__ (spork upon return).

You also summon a tiger that accidentally gets killed in this trapped dwelling.

Anyway. You get a nights rest (in a series of tokyo hotel style drawers), and summon up a heroes feast for breakfast, as you prepare for evening when you will start your travel.

notes:
- 30min by boat to place (see instruction in [[skipper]] doc)
- 30min to boat (use shark slide, but with lever set to safe)
- gregor due to leave today
- https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Carpet%20of%20Flying (carpet from selunebowl is 800lbs rated, but burned => 20ft speed)

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[velddrinnsshar]: ../east/velddrinnsshar "V'elddrinnsshar"
[goatweaver]: ../pcs/goatweaver "Goatweaver"
[andraste]: ../pcs/andraste "Andraste"
[kiaransalee]: ../deities/kiaransalee "Kiaransalee"
[skipper]: ../npcs/skipper "The Skipper"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
