115-velddrinnsshar
6 July 2021

GW prepared a final feast with all sorts of meats, bread, and spicy options before getting on a ride towards the shadowfell.

Based on [[skipper]]'s suggestion; you take his shark slide down to the Black Doctor, you drag your way down into the lake with his phantom steed-powered engine. Finding yourself anchoring upside down in a reverse lake overlooking a green river running down from a large fortified gate, you make your way up the mountainpath. Invisible, flying, and fully stealthed.

You saw a large bulky zombie and a drow consort doing the rounds on the path, while you scout out the city from beyound an unknown ward.

Seeing a large conical colluseum, a tetrahedral black pyramid, a large stalagtite structure (eastern side), the two of you dimension door to the empty colluseum, while Faey finds his way in with invisibility and shadowstep, narrowingly avoiding the gaze of a drow inquisitor on post.

You meet up and discuss the next course of action, thinking the pyramid makes the most sense based on where Mordai got pulled with his scrying. While you discuss, Irae ports in over the town square and a large winged statue, and some commotion happens there.

Avoiding this setup, you make your way towards the pyramid, noticing a gaggle of drow women discussing a book (called Shadowmantle by Edvard Feeler (Black Tentacles guy)).

Passing swiftly ahead, towards the entrance to the pyramid, you notice that the beam of energy is actually liquid pouring down from the mist above through the center of the pyramid. However, as you look on and plan on entering, Mordai's invisibility drops.

A drow inquisitor on the side has seen you and dispelled the invisibility as you all head into combat.

## Combat
Drow Inquisitor;
- you are not authorized within the acropolis
- combat plan; inquisitor has truesight, insect plague, harm

Irae:
- you should have stayed out of this (she tethers to the dragon)
- [[irae]] in battle adapt from [[path-of-suffering]]

### initiative
24 Mordai
21 Irae (round 3)
19 GW
15 L4D tank (fleshy) ==  fire giant (round 2)
14 Drow Inquisitor
11 Faey
10 shadow dragon (round 2)
4 Spider (round 5)

Throw in a Favoured Consort if too easy. CR18
Throw in a Boneclaw or two if too easy

### tactics
SAVE RES, LEG RES
- Irae Crown of Stars; 4d12 on bonus action (7 motes)
- Irae tethered to shadow dragon (dmg split between)
- Irae Scythe! 5d8+12, AOE as well.
- Irae: Dominate Person on Faey to kill Mordai
- Irae: Reverse Gravity on GW?
- Irae: Abi Dalzim if they are clustered CON save
- Irae: Legendary actions. Spell. Boosted by chronomancy.
- Irae Maze GW? Int SAVE if he's a problem
- Irae Reaction Shield
- Irae Counterspell on Revivify (auto-succeeds)
- (Irae no veil (to tether to dragon), so visible)
- (Irae escape => she will create a bunch of undead)
- Irae: Divine Word (when mordai low)
- SD breath on mordai (dex save)
- Inquisitor: True Seeing on dragon as it drives by
- Inquisitor: Faerie Fire, Insect Plague
- Inquisitor: Summon 2x Boneclaw

If she takes one down PROPERLY then she can escape (she's probably low then).
If they succeed in getting her away before, get more reinforcements.

Chrono: Minor Timepass on Mordai
Divine Word to kill a creature <20HP (Int Save)
Can easily make this just not work in the shadowfell next to her.
Maybe just try to end it with her going away.


Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[skipper]: ../pcs/skipper "The Skipper"
[irae]: ../npcs/irae "Irae T'sarran"
[path-of-suffering]: ../east/path-of-suffering "Path of Suffering"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
