116-wizard-gank
6 July 2021

Inquisitor spots you and this starts a battle in the center of velddrinnsshar.
You try to limit the damage by silencing the inquisitor, but it quickly gets loud.
Insect plague is unleashed, and mauls rain down on him in response.

Not long after more creatures join the fray:
- Furlinastis Young Shadow Dragon
- Irae in r2 to be picked up by the hide-in-shadow capable dragon

Later reinforcements included:
- Fleshy (r2) zombie/demon (reskinned fire giant)
- giant spider (r5)

This turned dangerous quickly. Shadow breath dropped mordai's familiar.
Irae rode the dragon max speed, ending up between faey and mordai.
she charges down towards mordai as her staff assembles mid air to form the Scythe of the Revenancer.
slashes Mordai down, dropping his flight.
crown of stars keeps attacking nearest enemy
Mordai tries to Wall of Force, but it is counterspelled with a DC15 success.
Mordai goes down behind cover of a house.
Irae finishes the job with two scythe attacks.

GW rushes up next round and brazenly dumps a healing potion into Mordai's mouth, but the healing potion didn't work.
They battle, and she quickly dispells GW's haste.

Meanwhile Faey snipes from the sidelines doing solid sneak attack hits on the dragon.
GW tries to Revivify right next to Irae, and it also does not work.
Counterspelled the revivify (broke the diamond)

Faey snipes the last crown of stars motes.
irae continues to do huge damage with her scythe while seeming protected from a lot of the damage.

GW goes down once.
Faey flies over, uses the healing wave.
gw feigns death from the new mote
took the wish ring from mordai's finger

Irae casts a variant of the Timepass chronomancy spell on Mordai, his flesh rots as time speeds up around his corpse, rendering him unable to be revivified.

GW asks Kavaki to bring back Mordai.
Kavaki contacts Selune
Selune battles with black shadowy substance around Mordai's body
She struggles.

Mordai wakes up around swirling orange sandstone walls.
Clocktower in the distance. 2minutes to midnight. [[dahaka]] sequence.

TODO:
- zhurkwood somewhere
- sorrowsword in acropolis? https://www.dndbeyond.com/posts/268-sorrowsworn-are-the-shadowfells-most-despair
- lore for [[acropolis]] for when they get there
  * 3 passages inside
  * Auril frostmaiden lore read

- move path of suffering map to shar (we didn't use it in path-of-suffering)

NOTES:
- broken shield guardian amulet on the ground (to seed information on how it worked)
- after dahaka sequence, they can blast some drow, and the rest / retreat
- Shadowmantle book loot on drow
- reaching the acropolis? teleportation setup in tetrahedron
  * 3 buttons, portal, minute to activate, circle (special port, long misty step)
  * they can also just fly up now though (600ft) through mist, show them the layout
- [[velddrinnsshar]] tetrahedron section; clear wall sandstone, lazer etched

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[dahaka]: ../deities/dahaka "Dahaka"
[acropolis]: ../east/acropolis "acropolis"
[velddrinnsshar]: ../east/velddrinnsshar "V'elddrinnsshar"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
