117-acro-police
20 July 2021

Mordai talked to the [[dahaka]] aka Sahaquiel as part of a strange Wish based resurrection.
He told you that the universe is deterministic, and bound to repeat itself, and he has lost the ability to see everything because chronomancy time loops are destroying the information about origin and end.

He showed you the fate of [[hanir]], whose wild magic was apparently triggered by [[mordai]]'s chronomantic abilities. You saw him travel to [[moray]] with [[hjarka]] after having departing with you post-Demogorgon battle. He had gotten the deck of many things from Sahaquiel who had tried all the permutations of the deck to minimise time based destruction.

He asked you to end all knowledge of Chronomancy in the world; to end Arklem and Irae, and to either kill, or make Celerom + Ursula + Sansuri forget about it. Accepting the terms, you were returned back, at full health (7th level resurrection).

You quickly finished up the lower level reinforcements and Fleshy before starting investigating.

Found:
- Broken shield guardian medallion
- Shadowmantle book (lich Valindra from evernight who experimented on dragons)
- Triquetra symboled teleport

Uncertain where to go you flew up to scout out the area, but after seeing the necrotic tempest, you thought better of it, and risked the unknown teleport.

BREAK.

Finding yourself just inside a temple like structure ([[acropolis]]), with large stone towers and watchers on them outside, you carried on inward, where bones and skulls reshaped and communicated with you in almost unconcious way.

You found one sentient skull that you quickly dispatched (Murray), and carried on south.


NOTES:
- ask Faey what he would like to do at the end of game
- remember to seed mordai's green EB

TODO:
- battle pieces; figure out how to run an Eidolon Statue, one more undead? Bladelord?
- do some more Auril Frostmaiden style things with the bone setup
- Kiaransalee foreshadowing (sentient remains propagate throughout)
  * Auril frostmaiden lore read
  * something to tell them they are in the Acropolis of Thanatos
- sorrowsword in acropolis? https://www.dndbeyond.com/posts/268-sorrowsworn-are-the-shadowfells-most-despair
- finalize felgolos setup
- finalize irae/arklem setup

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[dahaka]: ../deities/dahaka "Dahaka"
[hanir]: ../pcs/hanir "Hans Irel"
[mordai]: ../pcs/mordai "Mordai"
[moray]: ../seaofbones/moray "Moray"
[hjarka]: ../pcs/hjarka "Hjarka"
[acropolis]: ../east/acropolis "acropolis"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
