123-kiansalee-attacks
28 September 2021

You get your final research into Kiaranslee done with the help of Ursula. You refresh on Larloch's demise, identify the type of pet he had (a Behir). GW makes his next pet a cold salamander to try to remind Larloch of his past / and the unholy union that he finds himself  within.
While distributing your potions, you try to decide on plans of attack/defense. Larloch best for talking to (and you also have partial coverage to his necro res), Validra probably best for fighting (all of you have acid res, and she's weak to bludgeoning). Unfortunately, your hand is forced as Diana tells you she's on the move.

With Graycloaks distributed across the walls (and Gilbert in left tower), you see Kiaransalee approach. She converts civilians outside the city wall as she slowly marches towards the boundary. You tell Ursula to fetch clerics or whatever they have to aid.

You plan on rushing out and talk, but she time stops and summons a series of undead, while you all are monologued at.

Battle commences. Arrow firing simulator for a few rounds. Potions are drunk.
- Mordai with NecroRes/CircleOfPower/AcidRes/Overcharge(c)
- Faey with Speed/Invis/AcidRes (no necrores)
- GW with Strenght/NecroRes/AcidRes/SpiritShroud(c)
(believe GW/Mordai had one superior healing already)

Kiaransalee's gaze starts to sweep across the towers as she gets closer. Some of you get hit.
GW manages to keep Kiaransalee in Larloch's purple form for most of the battle by taunting him about his past and his betrayal, which it doesn't look like he wants to believe, but whenever this happens his protective layers seem to drop a bit (immunity -> resistance).
The one time GW failed to keep Larloch's form, Valindra's form came out, and the acid cone melted the walls and opened a funnel for the remaining bears. You also found out that Valindra's form have much higher AC (despite being vulnerable to bludgeoning).
You arrow down or fireball down drow spectres, driders and finish of the bears with an Unstable Singularity.
Faey is sniping things left and right, noticing that Kiaransalee probably can see him, despite the invisibility.
One round goes very well for Faey; 96 damage in one round towards Kiaransalee.

As we left off; Kiaransalee's purple form slams down near the archers; sends a black rippling Circle of Death through and gets herself some new undead helpers.

ASK FOR CLARIFICATION ON PIERCING DAMAGE ON ARROWS (don't think so)

top of the round....
(roll for whether to attack GW or Faey...account for nat 3 on special intimidation check for larloch...)

NOTES:
- GW's taunting of Larloch's form is working very well. Probably need to have Larloch die soon.
- Gilbert is undead now.
- reduced kiaransalee's strenght immunities to resistances if they plot taunt him
- Kiaransalee taken 96 pts of damage unhealed (archer dmg healed) so all left from Faey
- gw's wand of [[orcus]] can have chaos consequences if he fails to intimidate it

TODO:
- [[kiaransalee]] stats remember properly
- finalize HP on kiaransalee. maybe simulate this a bit. AC and DC seems high... account for it.
- she needs to get to the black wound/halls of justice before starting stage 2
- account for expent spells / potions... they should be close to stage 2
- stage 2 lock out larloch? harsh?
- do helpers arrive before rip into Evernight? [[neverwinter-end-battle]] (ursula cleric)

REMEMBER:
- music replacement in [[music]] and [[neverwinter-end-battle]] doc

diana + ursula
https://www.dndbeyond.com/profile/sszynrae/characters/9696877
https://www.dndbeyond.com/profile/sszynrae/characters/9697604

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[orcus]: ../deities/orcus "Orcus"
[kiaransalee]: ../deities/kiaransalee "Kiaransalee"
[neverwinter-end-battle]: ../north/neverwinter-end-battle "Neverwinter v Kiaransalee"
[music]: ../rules/music "Music"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
