124-kiaransalee-battle
05 October 2021

You battled it out with Kiaransalee in Neverwinter in [[neverwinter-end-battle]]. An unprotected Faey trying to dodge the death ray of Larloch's form. Many blinks and monk moves back and forth leaves a lot of you out of range, and Faey at a really low HP after tanking two scythe attacks to the face.

However, the many ranged hits starts to wear on her as she moves into the southern end of Neverwinter. Tearing up an arcane storm that lowers the sight range to 100ft and starts transforming the city.

It takes you a few rounds until you realize you're in the Shadowfell, and it's the last you've seen of Larloch's form (incidentally all because of rolls). You have been dragged into [[evernight]] alone and your allies coming to help were stuck on the other side (the three of you had been targetted specifically).

The fight rages on outside [[castle-nowhere]], Mordai's left alone down there while you descend the castle, and he takes some solid hits. Goatweaver returns to face Irae's form as she once again looks at you while trying to finish off Mordai as he's down. Last hit, auto-crit, 2 death saves. End action, Mordai's turn death save. He makes it. Goatweaver's getting low as well as he tries to tank for Mordai. Faey jumps down to launch the dragonstrike attack at her chest to push her away giving you some room to breath.

Then GW with 4hp? succeeds in casting Timestop from the Wand of [[orcus]]. Max roll on rounds. DBF, Heal heal heal, taunt, heal. Full round of mauling into DBF detonating for a 260 points of damage.

Irae's form staggers in disbelief. You are ripped out of the [[shadowfell]] and she desperately dimension doors to the top of the [[castle-never]].

As you are back in [[neverwinter]] you see the mages greet you, Bless on Mordai, Holy Weapon on Faey, Heal on all, Moradin clerics helps restore spell slots of Goatweaver.

You fly up to halt [[kiaransalee]]'s restoration ritual. She only gets healing in (Power Word: Heal though), but cannot change form. She is stuck as [[irae]]'s form. In the next 3 rounds you reign down over 1000 points of radiant damage as she rolls 4 nat 1s to hit GW in a row, so that despite being the sole target of a god for 3 rounds, he's alive. At 1hp.

Kiaransalee tries a desperate Tenser's Transformation. Doesn't heal because of spirit shroud. Tries more healing, doesn't work. Goatweaver uses Tenser's Transformation from the Wand, and one final taunt later, you all unload your final 300+ damage and push her over the edge where she explodes in a cloud of radiant damage.

IMMEDIATE LEVEL 17

NOTES:
- Mordai ended up beaing the weakest in the battle (because GW took his plot item)
- Mordai should get his 4th EB here at the end.

TODO:
- finalize [[epilogue]]
- diana/ursula sincere congratulations
- fun arc with gilbert (undead)

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[neverwinter-end-battle]: ../north/neverwinter-end-battle "Neverwinter v Kiaransalee"
[evernight]: ../north/evernight "Evernight"
[castle-nowhere]: ../north/castle-nowhere "Castle Nowhere"
[orcus]: ../deities/orcus "Orcus"
[shadowfell]: ../planar/shadowfell "Shadowfell"
[castle-never]: ../north/castle-never "Castle Never"
[neverwinter]: ../north/neverwinter "Neverwinter"
[kiaransalee]: ../deities/kiaransalee "Kiaransalee"
[irae]: ../npcs/irae "Irae T'sarran"
[epilogue]: ../east/epilogue "Epilogue"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
