## 54 Hanir Awakens 02/06
(Birthday dnd. I resigned that week.)

Hanir wakes up from a deep sleep with dark dreams in the protectorate. Dreams of him being taken away.

He learn that whenever Mordai uses Chronomancy, there's a small surge of Wild magic. They can harness it to create combos (so he has an incentive to die?). Necrotic energy surged from your fingertips, and killed all the plants in Ailos's tree garden. But it also harmed you. As this happenend, you had strange twisting visions of seeing the gaping maw of a black beast drain the life out of you.
Mages kept him in isolation.

Hans wants to learn history of himself. It was Arklem who brainwashed him.

Going to waterdeep to stop Irae from taking the blade of shadows. Artifact used for Kiarensalee's weapon that was stashed there. Felgolos told you about the 3 parts, 2 of which you believe is now in Irae's possession.

4 days of downtime before Demogorgon attacks.
They get to prep and learn magic.
Diana can help Mordai boost his chronomancy. That was the interesting part she learned bits of from Shario. She has two spells?
Ursula can help GW learn about Akkhan's burial, since she has the books of Shario. (Maybe she recognises his light?)
Faey/Pendle: Braegan + shops training.
Hanir can meet with Jarlaxle?

RECAP
GLUDOM MESSAGE ON CHANGES.
Felgolos message: "forgotten about blade, moonlight ward?"
hey felgy, mages forgotten scythe, will lower protections fo ryou, do you know of the moonlight ward, have a good trip

felgo: Callistis. (great great aunt of ursula) moonlight ward.

sending celerum: Mordai, what's your status? luskan destroyed. where is star? summoning caused by lich. kiaransalee. who attacked luskan? where are you now/

celerum: yeah, i know. many gnolls, ported out. gone to safe place, don't try to find me. saw arklem with star.

NB: Session ends with Diano reporting on tremors of something huge approaching Waterdeep.

Goals:
- arklem (he doesn't want to be found - anti-scry)
- history of area (test of law of council)
- hans: past (hist future) something happened before?
- something chronomancy that lets him decipher the surge
- faey: night time excursions thieving (funducation, practice lockpicking)
- gw: study book, "never worn a belt" (belt of goblin smarts), dragon lance
- gw on dog on pugweaver
- gw: item that perhaps give int? (Belt of Goblin Smarts (raises int by 2, to a maximum of 10)
- gw: create the lance + gem (gave him the flavor text)
- mordai: lotte chronomancy
- PRE-BATTLE GORGON: gaze at someone scrying at him

## 55 Preparing for Battle 09/06
Arrived in Waterdeep by teleport. Felgolos takes a 4 day trip instead to avoid consequences of getting stuck in dragon defenses.

Talked to CPC Grey aware captain of the Pestillence, and did various shopping.
(Created Dragon Lance, but not the kavaki gem)

You've told Diana, the arch mage, about Irae and the 3 artifacts of Kiaransalee that she appears to be gathering, the last of which in Waterdeep. She went on scrying on the areas on the map where you believed the closest demon lords were.

Ursula started doing research on Kiaransalee and the Crones of Thanatos. And excitedly last night, she reported on having found information (heavily erased) on Sharia's burial chamber - at the foundation of Castle Waterdeep. However, just as this was happening, an earthquake struck the city.

HI FELGY, BTW THERE'S A DEMON LORD WERE ABOUT TO FIGHT. WE FOUND SHARIO'S TOMB.

BATTLE PLAN:
GW persuades 3 archers to stand on eastern wall
400 ft wall to wall
bow arrow from southern tower
holy weapon paladin (tons of radiant - simulate)
tons of fire spells when faey and gw smashes
archers (will fail unless they crit for 3 dmg)
beacon of hope (adv wisdom saves party)
oil of slipperyness (restrained/paralyzed immunity)
blade of shadow in mordai's bag
wall of stone around demo from mordai
fighters + madeiron flank center
gw in tower with archers (and wand of fireballs)
drink potion of fire immunity (felgy)
wail at it with spells, archers
then paladin and everyone gank
remember haste on GW

NB: Liches traditionally have spell immunity to level <=5 (globe invuln)

## 56 Battle 16/06
actual battle. slugfest.
See [[irae-attack]].

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[irae-attack]: ../waterdeep/irae-attack "Waterdeep Siege"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"