Oblexian Dig
10th Nov 2020

You had a long discussiong thinking about what to do after your big forceful interraction with [[zaehesh]], the undercover erinyes. While she is infernal, she presented a case against the unnatural, and anomalous undead.

On the other hand, Celerum, while also presenting a resonable case for protecting his own (albeit in undead form), does seem more suss to you. Why is he working with this type of magic? How does this magic actually work? If the undead have souls, then surely this is pretty powerful magic?

You get on somewhat decent grounds with `Zaehesh` after your discussion, and she has agreed to await any further attacks on Bone City for 5 days until you have ascertained if there's any further leads to be obtained the city.

You also played around with Goatweavers's plant travelling ability, and you plan to test it out properly with a quick trip to Luskan (old luskan), and investigate what exactly happened there, to cross-reference Celerum's story.

You also had a brief excursion down in the dungeons of Nekrina that was barricaded off. Below you found some underdarkian creatures trying to trick you into a bad situation, but you were having none of it.

After some investigation, you did come across a book about the disappearance of Maerimydra, a city tied to Irae's past, said to be located east of Mirabar (in underdark terms). You also found an aged pamphlet about Akkhan and the diamond mines he was buried in (Boreal Valley).

Finally, after a good long rest, and one final cast of Fly, you notice the next morning that GW's wings extend fully as he's walking. It has been a strange time of periodic control of the wings, gradually fading, less and less. At this point, you are fully used to the muscle control, and you can extend and flex the wings almost as naturally as if it was an extra pair of limbs.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[zaehesh]: ../npcs/zaehesh "Zaehesh"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
