# Kruthik Lair

Rasharoo guided them from [[neverlight]] - Long slender cantarell style myco

Kruthic dungeon: (p212 MTOF) (think varkids)

DESCRIPTION chittering, tapping, impaled myconid (entrance)
Some warm rooms, with kruthics, some cold rooms, with nothing, some warm rooms with dead remains of kruthics (can salvage poison spines as arrows)

## Motivation

- Madness (dareability Pendle)
- Magic Ingredient Hive Lord Heart / Eggs (Mordai)
- Rasharoo wants them gone near lair (impaled myconid)

## Enemies
8 youngs (8x CR1/8 625XP adjusted - describe hairs)
3 adults (3x CR2 1350XP adjusted - desccribe spikes - these will shoot)

Can rest after.

If they Fight the queen. She that’d be in an optional side passage. They’d get to use rasharoo (pacifying spores (stun for one turn)).
Rasharoo will give them a potion of acid resistance and a lesser restoration potion if they do

## Boss
Queen nest. Hexagonal shaped entrance. Immaculate dodecahedron on the inside with various ones of the looking like they are in the process of being hollowed out. One appears to lead into water. You see a light splashing in the water.

1 hive lord (CR5 - maybe add 2 youngsuns but like AC20 100HP breath! (adv on attacks if))



Hear a loud PRR sound, followed by tunnelling.
(She’d break through to the eggs, and enrage). Scales have a weird greenish tint to them.

## Loot

+1 chitin shortswords (spider legs) GIVEN
+1 dmg spikes (maybe fashionable as arrow) - compare to mosquito needle

2x Beast Hunter Fire Bombs on person stuck to Badass
Raptor like sound bone?

Giant Insect Plate (armory (full plate wo str req)) - can be forged from exoskeleton in town


### Side-room - dead deep gnomes
Sack of Burrowmites (Vault p30 - sling shot ammo)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/14sRRJofvufu9d7pjzs5WTZTg9i-WoaULlX1rS5rk4hE/preview#
Scroll of Identify!!

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[neverlight]: neverlight "Neverlight Grove"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
