# Menzoberranzan

Quenthel Baenre is the magnificent matriarch

city not in great shape after demon lords.
place raided by Irae.

Quenthel + Silth still alive. All priests have been out investigating the underdark. Taking over Gracklstough after Menzo's demise. They defeated Fraz there. They teleported most of their city on top of it? They have more control over the world if they just sit this one out (fits the evil archetype).

## NPCs
- [[silth]]
- Tortured drow – nothing left but their ambition.

## Hook
Go there under an invisibility spell to learn what happened and gain their trust.

Maybe go there under the guise of Themberchaud or Adalon to regain eggs. Adalon is high enough level to cast a high level disguise on them.

## Quests
- Kill a deep gnome patrol for them (but they'll be nice people)
- Fight high ranking drow in arena for glory
- Fight for an aboleth. Accidentally let it loose?
- Someone selling them an artifact "protecting against magical effects" for 1kGP – does nothing.
- Get extorted by a house leader threatening to reveal them. Hint about house to raid/loot/pillage.
- Fetch Eye stalks / beholder blood for a matron mother
- Free hostage eggs that keeps the silver dragon out ?
- Help Matron Mother who's doing a ritual offering eggs to a demon
- Replace eggs with fakes for Matron mother to ruin her ritual (4wannabe matron priestess)
- Betray the wannabe matron mother to teach her a lesson (give her less obvious fake eggs from another priestess)
- Must ensure matron is dead before leaving the city
- Maybe give eggs to demon for boon and betray dragon

See Baldur's Gate II - Part 167- Whose eggs are we stealing again (HD) for crazy egg replacements story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8WIJ9nV7Wo&index=167&list=PLB6451FEB6C825765
Stealth mission!

Matron mother has a Vestige. Reason for going through with all this.
Doing evil quests must hint at slow deterioration of morals. Particularly towards paladin (drop an ability temporarily as a warning).

## Shade Maidens
Narrated D&D Story: How A DnD Campaign Gave The Party Our Most Emotional & Tragic Moment (Ever)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLpoaQzU81U

Flowers that can mark people for death (no death saves), mind control

Initiation rite has 90% chance of success 10% chance of instant death

Females only. Males have chances reversed.



Treason => drider conversion

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[silth]: ../npcs/silth "Silth"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
