# Adalon
High Chancellor Adalon the 5th of [[icewind-dale]] and Nobilis Argentum of [[silver-helix]].

His "family" always rules, settles disputes, barbarians/goliaths somehow never attack the city. Only room for so many though, population stable for the past century. Run it like jarl's city in skyrim.
It's Adalon the 5th now. He's 1200 yo. He has vast knowledge.
Frequents the island of Gundarlun  as a dragon, but his identity on land is a secret outside org.
Has a pet raven Eiðr (oath)

He fought Arklem once when he tried to raise heroes of the city.

Have kept spies around Gilgrin, Menzo, Maerimydra to check for dark ones.
Will want similar updates.

## Mansion
### Meeting room
Victorian mansion; https://www.pinterest.co.uk/pin/678425131343813859/

Marble statues. Crystal and silver chandelier hanging from the room. Impeccably maintained oak flooring.

Thick stone walls, tiled pieces of grey metal: https://www.pinterest.co.uk/pin/390757705158569350/
Stone balcony with a small metal arch; https://www.pinterest.co.uk/pin/158751955604737926/

## Style
Voice: Warm and kind. Slightly posh.
Look: Bald, grey goatee, pale impeccable skin. Faded black robe. He looks 40.

## Threats
Responds with cone of paralyzing gas. DC24 CON vs 1min paralyze.

## Needs
Won't go out of his way to help, but must be asked.
Wants to be informed, and will help if needed, but not keen on conflict. Not keen on having his identity revealed (will telepathy to Hjarka)

## Lines
on demonlords: "Menzoberranzan of course suffered the greatest initial damage, with its summoning point so close."
on secrecy: "Unfortunately, the helix' presence is not completely unknown. Those that have been around since before the Sundering will have witnessed the power of dragons. Thankfully, we have an understanding with most that live to be that old, however, there are those of ill intent who uses the secrecy to undermine us."
on undermining: "Certain lords in Waterdeep convinced the open lords and the mages guild to protect against dragons and set up a near permanent dragon ward around the city, as a result, there has been little sway of their influence for almost the past two centuries, and they have the largest armies."
on dragons: "The dragons in the realm has always served as deterrants against incursions. The giants had Fryggt."
on giants: "Obviously they have been under the influence of the undying soul for some time
on dead dragons: "If Fryggt is defeated, then Luskan is in trouble, if Chorom is defeated, then Neverwinter is in trouble."

plan: "So, the company is pleasant as always, but is the Sultan ever going to convince anyone to lift a finger against the undead?"
his contribution: "I can always send a few barbarians as favours, but the stability of this arrangement requires me not to overstep reasonable boundaries. No flapping around and breathing ice from the skies."
on Luskan: "Luskan always resisted our advice. They even resisted our advice to mobilise on the gnoll threat and band together with Neverwinter. Now they might suffer the same fate."
On Liches: "Then undying ones. A few of them has been around so long they know about the helix. Efforts to find them have always resulted in failure, like they pre-empted our every move."
On Lich defeat: "But they can be defeated. One of them was greedy and tried to re-animate one of our most renowned heroes; Drizzt. He was a dear friend to me, and this provocation was not one I could resist."
On how to defeat: "Don't be fooled by their tricks. Whenever they fight, they tether themselves to magical effects that make them seem more powerful than they really are. Invulnerability globes, mind control, life tethering to other creatures. Combined with their pragmatism to get out of a bad situation makes them hard to lock down. We (him and Tasha) got lucky with a few clutch counter-spells and dispells which he didn't expect."
On impermanence: "While it likely taught them some respect, our failure to trace him back to his phylactery meant he was back later."
On Thay; "The dissolution of Thay did make things more managable."

mention his arcane grimeoire +3 spell DC.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[icewind-dale]: ../north/icewind-dale "Icewind Dale"
[silver-helix]: ../factions/silver-helix "Silver Helix"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
