# Celerum
A more likely helper. Master mage.

Tall, thin 1.9m blond hair blue eyes. Fine black robes, jewel-inlaid golden belt. Ambitious, and calculating, but ultimately intelligent and knew that his position would not let him do anything to further his goals without finesse.

Celerum was ambitious, arrogant, cold, and calculating. He was completely devoid of morals and would do anything to further his goals.

Detected unusually strong conjuration energy at Stormguard Citadel. Sent them there to investigate.

Spell researcher, helped out with Chronomancy. Ported out to Neverwinter during the attack. Doesn't want to go to Waterdeep.

Saw Yeenoghu smash his way through the cities defenses and smash a huge hole in the center of the tower arcane.

## Encounters
- [[55-brotherhood]] Initial meeting in Tower Arcane, Questioning Goatweaver's morality
- [[56-drinking-culture]] Celerom has the book of Chronomancy
- [[57-mirabar]] Teaching Mordai Chronomancy
- [[70-waterdeep]] Asked via Sending about Luskan and Egg of Galadaeros. Said Arklem took it.
- Disappeared - asked not to be messaged

## Future
Knows Arklem is a lich, and he wanted to become one as well? => But now the star is gone, so he will try to sucker up to powers in NWN.
Doesn't know Arklem is a lich (glibness...), but saw him steal the star, so is conflicted now..

=> Potential ally against Arklem in the east?
=> Potential ally of Arklem in the east?

Both swings reasonable for his personality and disappearance. He could not want to be

## Abilities
Is a spell researcher. Can help them with Chronomancy.
Can also scry a little bit.

## Lines
"You want to get to the source of what's outside the city? Go to the source."

"Sure, you can go outside, fight whatever unsightly demon controls the horde outside, and sure, you can die like the rest of our elite fighter squads we've already sent down unsuccessfully with 20 other men."

"We've detected a large amount of conjuration energy emanating from the top and bottom of the giants castle. Such energy can only mean one thing. Large scale interdimensional travel."

"The inner structure of the castle is built on ancient magic. The towering structure, from the hill giants at the base, to the fire giants trawling the depths, and the cloud and storm giants, is one with the weave, and one with the stone. They might be using the structure as a form to channel the weave to cast spells more powerful than what we normally refer to as "9th level"."

"The giants control the castle, and they don't particularly take kindly to intrusion. You can fight your way in, or perhaps you can go undercover."
"Ever seen 3 kobolds stacked on top of each other in a human suit? The principle is the same."
"Alternatively, polymorph, but that would be boring."

WHY HELP? You want to see Arklem? Learn spells reserved for gods? I can help a bit, but he is the Arch-mage.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[55-brotherhood]: ../recaps/55-brotherhood "55-brotherhood"
[56-drinking-culture]: ../recaps/56-drinking-culture "56-drinking-culture"
[57-mirabar]: ../recaps/57-mirabar "57-mirabar"
[70-waterdeep]: ../recaps/70-waterdeep "70-waterdeep"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"