# Dessirris
Sphinx from [[plume]] after being freed. Can identify and offer cryptic clues to the state of the world. Celestial voice, monotone.

## Intro
- "You've cleansed White Plume Mountain, and you've released me from the slavery within. We owe you a great favour small ones."
- "The exaltation of Arborea watches over the world with great concern."
- "Great evils stir below, as you've no doubt have noticed. Some of you still bear marks of their influence. But others in your group manage to display great devotion."
- "The void spreads. Corruption has united many evils. A great summoning appears underway. That much is known."

## Leaving notes
- While you have retrieved the three artifacts binding this place. Do not succumb to hubris.

Can sense troubles in the world.
"A great deception has taken place in this world. The source of which, is beyond my reach."

??"One more name of the involved I can impart, but more risks tearing time apart." (Chronomancy)

**"A great wizard deceived."** -Vizeran (a drow wizard, an outcast. Holding out in his tower Araj near Menzoberranzen) [will allow them to get menzo infiltration and get ingredients to weaken demon lords / or help them destroy the drow] "His involvement appears accidental, but his powers could make him a worthy ally."

**"A great necromancer used."** -Kierensalee (once an ancient dark elven wizard, now a lich whose powers are used by a third party). [undead powers present here – mordai drawn to it]. Underneath Sunset Mountains, Veldrinshar?. The powers of life and death at their fingertips.

**"A great creature, corrupted by the void."** -Fracto Nimbuli (cloud giants rules of Skyreach Castle – an everlasting and universally respected ancient one, now corrupted by the void (dark energy that has the power to counter all energy in the universe). He hoards magical artifacts for their power, scries have been unsuccessful at determining their use.

**"Someone, like me, allowing time to be used by those who should not."** -Andariel (androsphinx residing in the isle of Moray the Moonshae isles) [can teach chronomancy] (it's literally me in the future, with the comb).

**"A source of knowledge, ancient and true."** -Elder brain of Telnarquel.

**"A queen manipulating an entire race"** ? Ignore lolth? As chaotic as other demon lords.

## No
"The diviniation is unclear."
"Our scries have been unsuccessful at determining."
"My role is not interfere with your timelines, only to give guidance."


### General advice
- Some of these evils respond only to displays of power, others can be bought. Be wary of those seeking to deceive.

### Locations
- The spine of the world – we can sense the void's influence strongly in these areas.
- In the north-east, near Galena Mountains – our scries have recently been blocked by necromancy.
- Past the coast in the west lies the Moonshae Isles.
- Deep below – an ancient race has sensed it all (glitterwood).

### Galena hook
- Blackrazor knows the area, previous owner, knows of necromantic treasure below.
- We vanquished many evils in those lands severl hundred years ago.
- "If you have qualms about necromancy and unlife, it's a not place for you."
- Says: A paladin, Alvarelle. Of the Order of the Eternal Flame.
- Actually: "An oathbreaker Kiaranshee of Vanathos. A pale, blue-haired beauty."

**History: Eternal Flame.** The followers of the Eternal Flame cult were fascinated by the destructive power of fire in all its manifestations.
They aspired to use the power of fire to eradicate the "corruption" of both civilization and nature using volcanic eruptions, forest fires, heat waves, and droughts, in order to herald a new world of ash and cinders ruled by fire alone

- Blackrazor will level up there <- carrot
- Fear: powerful necromancy will bring more fuel to the fire.

### Moonshae hook
- Wave's temple lies on the isle of Moray (needs to see Slarkrethel - kraken wiz) <- carrot
- Andariel lives on Grondsgrunn (jotun realm)
- Fear: if you delay, the power of time itself might fall into the wrong hands

### Lowerdark hook
- Book rumbles at the sense of the map. Bring close -> purple glowing dots on the map. Needs to attune...
- Carrots: extraplanar knowledge is usually reserved for inhabitants of the respective plane. But some knowledge transcends home world boundaries. Your book is not of material origin.
- There are legends only those impervious to time will know.

### Spine hook
The void is powerful in spine. If left unchecked,

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[plume]: ../whiteplume/plume "Whiteplume Mountain"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
