# Dhaikhezzish
Dhaikhezzish The Incandescent. The Flame of Truth, Grand Sultan of All The Efreet, The Crimson Firebrand of the [[cityofbrass]].
(Magnus Incalesco of the [[silver-helix]])

## Looks
Small smoke goatee, eyes of sparkling green flame, and sharp elongated claws.
Garbed in white-hot iron armor and intricate pantaloons of blackened adamantine links.
Sultan Buff: Surrounded by an aura of pale red fire and smoke. 3m radius. Poison + fire dmg.

## Personality
Transactional. Warmer than the rest. Eye for gambling.
High stakes champions in the Onyx Octagon.
Rite of succession after `Marrake`.
Dutiful. Secure/Arrogant. Outspoken. Open. Inspiring.
8 Efreet on guard at all times. 100s more in facility.

## Pet nightmares
Eversmoke and Black Onyx

## Meeting
They will have to seek an audience. But will take too long on day one.

Can meet devils / efreet
- have talks about supply chains from Avernus/Dis
- imply the first meeting is a judge of character
Can meet slaves:
- always stroke his ego, and provid him with value, and he is rich..

He will not reveal anything outright, but will suggest meeting at Long Castle, entry token.

## Transactional Demands
one of:
- fight my champions in the Onyx Octagon
- an artifact
- invest via The Grand Obsidian (bank/exchange) in

## Champions
If they loose. Double or nothing:
Fight `Rak Tulkhesh`.
vs. Knights of Kavaki in 3 days.

## Expensive Art
P135 DMG
- Jade game board with solid gold playing pieces
- Jeweled platinum ring
- Sovereign glue in a platinum bottle

## Artifacts
- Brimstone; Flame Tongue based Scimitar. extra 2d6 fire dmg. +3. Random props.

Aritfact Extinction; modified Rod of Absorption. Can also cast spells:
- Nondetection 1 charge
- Warding Bond 1 charge
- Glyph of Warding 1 charge
- Protection from Energy 3 charges
- Private Sanctum 3 charges
- Circle of Power 4 charges
- Mind Blank 6 Charges
2d4+2 charges restored per day. Up to 8 in staff.
Staff maintains concentration if necessary, but it can only concentrate on one spell at a time.

## Scrying
At the Long Castle spire deep within. Just do DMC3 style tower. Rotating as you walk around and activate it.

scrying is harder to detect
- cannot bypass truesight, but thanks to the power, it's tiny, really hard to detect
- cannot bypass mind blank (no thoughts / intentions / emotions)

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[cityofbrass]: ../planar/cityofbrass "City of Brass"
[silver-helix]: ../factions/silver-helix "Silver Helix"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
