# Gregor
Husband of gemstone lady whose shop went bankrupt in gemstone shortage.
He seems to want to leave his wife (who has kids).

Actually wants to go to BG to sell `sundrop` (drug in [[cooking]]) to finance her shop.
Has an uncle Igor that will look after the kids meanwhile.

Screwed by jewel thieves in [[bregan-daerthe]] that have blamed it on lack of supplies.

## Voice
Normal. He was an improv character.

## Developments
- [[111-prismatic-pyramid]] Gregor wants to teleport to Baldur's Gate (GW tentatively agrees, but no kids to be brought)
- [[112-tesserect]] GW helps pauper who's actually Gregor's wife (she's looking for him)
- [[114-familiar-travel]] Gregor due to leave
- Nervously awaiting GW in Waterdeep near the large oak in the town square near the mage's guild.
- Loaded with drugs (PERC15)
- Suggested to SPEAK OUT LOUD (which he did, his own thoughts for 3 sentences)
- They intimidated him, found out his drug smuggling scheme to make money
- GW destroyed his vials, gave him 20gp
- Learned he needed 300gp for his house
- walks away annoyed
- Faey slips him 2x200gp rubies with a sleight of hand 27

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[cooking]: ../rules/cooking "Cooking"
[bregan-daerthe]: ../factions/bregan-daerthe "Bregan D'aerthe"
[111-prismatic-pyramid]: ../recaps/111-prismatic-pyramid "111-prismatic-pyramid"
[112-tesserect]: ../recaps/112-tesserect "112-tesserect"
[114-familiar-travel]: ../recaps/114-familiar-travel "114-familiar-travel"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
