# Hergatha
Hergatha – the Storm Maiden. Personified goth version of Hjarka.
You see her in the mirror, a plane touched creature wielding a dagger.
(Hjarka is withdrawn, stubborn and proud, prone to battle).

The dual of [[hjarka]]. With lines like Badeline in Celeste.
Originally encountered in the abandoned umberlee temple.
But physically manifested in the [[mirror-temple]].

## Dark side Chase 2
= Not just a representation of depression and anxiety and anger. Also Fear, crucially, => lashing out.
- She shouldn't fight it.
- But dark side is scared and will be like, don't come near me. Chase boss.
- Completing chase => she's like. Fine you win. Go on without me.

## Hergatha 3x confrontation
From the Mirror Temple

Hergatha visible. She pulls away from you as you see her.

- "Sweetheart, this is exactly what I tried to warn you about."
- "You think I'm doing this?" With a smile. "That's cute."
- Spell attack1: FEAR: She pulls back once more.

second

- "You still don't get it? You gave me this body."
- "And I'm not even the only creepy thing living in that messed up head of yours." (elemental chaos, stubbornness, belief that everything can be solved with violence?)
- "Don't like what you see? What a surprise."
- "I tried to stop you. LOOK INTO THE MIRROR. ALL OF THIS IS YOURS."
- "This temple only magnifies my powers."
- "You're in control here, not me."
- Spell attack2: Suggestion: Pulls away once more.

third

- "Poor Hjarka, always so proud. All I do is watch over you, and you hate me for it."
- "You're unravelling and you know it."

WHY?ETC..

- "Like you would have listened?"
- "You never gave me a chance."

HOW I GET OUT

- "Now you want me to save you?"

WHY2? Just help.

- "Stop trying to make me feel like a monster.
- "You really want to know  I won't help? BECAUSE YOU DESERVE THIS."
- "Still think you can gain the powers of Umberlee? You're delusional."

Spell attack3: hallucinatory terrain.

## Ominous Whispering
You hear whispering backwards.

- "Sometimes. I. Don't really know. What's going on anymore. I don't.... know.. Who I am.
- I just... look in the mirror, and... don't know who I'm looking at. Or... who's looking at me.
- I... think a lot... about... where... my train of thought… is going...
- And it's not always a good place.... and that scares me...
- I don't.. like... scaring myself... I don't.... *sobbing*"


## Extra lines
- I can no more chose my thoughts than choose my name.
- The way he talked about thoughts was the way I experienced them – not as a choice but as a destiny. Not a catalogue of my consciousness, but a refutation of it.
- When I was little, I used to tell Mom about my invasives, and she would always say "just don't think about that stuff." But X got it. You can't choose. That's the problem.


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[hjarka]: ../pcs/hjarka "Hjarka"
[mirror-temple]: ../seaofbones/mirror-temple "Mirror Temple"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
