# Kazook
> Pickshine
https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Kazook_Pickshine

Led [[pendle]] towards the trials and solas. Lives in [[blindgenstone]].

Alchemist in (area 7/8) & leader of miners guild
Slightly mad. Sells stuff in his place (Zook’s Cromulent Bamboozles)

http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/ryXeb3NiKX <- artificers homebrew

Happy living a comfy life in his position tinkering away. Cautious of potential rivals.

Will sell them stuff.

https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Adventuring%20Gear#content

https://growupandgame.com/dungeons-and-dragons/questionable-arcana/dnd-5e-crafting-alchemists-supplies/

https://www.realmshelps.net/magic/items/alchemy.shtml


- Pepper spray: DC14 dex save vs blind for 1rnd. 100GP 10 charges.
- Flash bang: DC17 con save vs blinded for 1 rnd. 50GP.
- Alchemist fire: 50gp
- Smoke bomb: 30gp


## Look
Goggles of Night on him. Fake wig, made out of thin strands of green rope, mullet, blue cape. Old. Leather straps around his armor. Ash covers his face in a star formation.

## Lines
“Pembleglip Dogbalmung Crumunchkin 3”

Rival Base: feels replaceable by new gnome, wants to have monopoly on crafting. Acts friendly at first. Then sets out some challenges to him to see if he’s up to scratch. If he is, he’ll try to sabotage for him and give him broken items.

Action: Wants to see what Pendle makes with items. If it’s good he’ll act unimpressed (obvious). Then give him broken bangs/bombs (every other flash bang, flashes in all directions. Half smoke bomb whiffs.)

If later confronted, he’ll apologize. Try to get him to make them himself and watch him to it.
Again be a bit of a dick. Going through tribulations makes him like you.

Action: Shows him this mechanical snake that he made (Casts Tiny Servant on it)
Knows there’s a better way (Awakene), but that’s not something he can do.

Action: Finding him in tavern he’ll want a drink.  He’ll pull out some challenges:
Medieval Jenga, put on fire from center (if he starts losing).

Good cha: He’ll reveal that there's an even greater tinkerer who lived here a decade ago. (Urifix)

He’s a little crazy gobliny but not too much.
“You’re not taking my girl! About Tappy”

## Loot ideas
- Two Finger Glove (armory (monk +2 ac boost))
- Obfuscation Cloak? (armory (cloak w crit immunity)

## Post-battle Protoge
[[pendle]] could have become his protoge here.
Plenty of fire components for selling out a little. He will sell vital ingredients at a discount if he'll swear to only use his mending kit. Gunpowder in his lab.
His lab is well lit, but you can see the the black marks from an explosion emanating from the door in hovel. Door is unhinged and not swinging correctly.
Alchemical ingredients all over the place. Parts open above into another cavern opening. Blown open presumably.
Large creation, unfinished. Drill like top. Barrels of gunpowder at the ready.

## Post-battle Rumors
- **Desperate lines**: Actually learned a lot from a friend. A friend who had access to some great secrets. Secrets he was not meant to have.
- **Drunk lines**: Ooh, you have seen Solas. He had this book right. All sorts of constructions in it. The things you could do with that. Oh well, I guess I'll have to do with being a middle grade tinkerer. You too I guess.. Someday.
- **Drunk Reconciliation**: look, I realise I've come off a little condescending. I recognise that you have some skills. Great potential in you perhaps. As a token of friendship, I've decided to give you this one time offer.. To be my protégé. I'll give you this magical mending glue, I've made. For you know, if your construction ever breaks down. …. also, you can use my lab for free in this trial period.
- **Drunk demand**: Oh, yes, but I do have one ask. My friend Solas. I have not heard from in in a while. If I am to keep teaching you, it's imperative that you seek him out.
- Also, by the way, if you find a couple of large gears and a blue cylinder please, bring them back. It'll allow me find a way out.



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[pendle]: ../pcs/pendle "Pendleblip"
[blindgenstone]: ../underdark/blindgenstone "Blingdenstone"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
