# Malexis
Master of the Demon Mountain CC265 CR17 (son of Mephisto)
Security guard for [[arklem]] in [[irithyll-oubliette]].

Malexis helps out as Arklem's body guard, guards the power source, but is generally lazy, invites over vrock friends and uses it to watch the interminensional scry-beacon above the frozen wastes of mephistar or the fire lakes of styx. Whilst conjuring up woodland creatures and eating them raw.
Previous "king of demon mountain", rags to riches story, with nothing but books of summoning scrolls, a power source, and a mountain gifted to me from my father, and now, I was the Master of Demon Mountain; revered by many Tieflings in Dis. "Was doing so well, that it was time to try my many talents on something else, now I am watching over one of the most powerful liches in the prime material."
"My father, oh, an academic and nobleman, the cold lord? the baron of cania? oh, well, if you are ever in Cania, be sure to visit, his name is Mephistopheles."
Malexis knows about the skipper; boatsman who has provided primitive passage for people to shar for generations. Not affiliated with the Undying Soul though, offers passage on own terms, and as far as I've heard, is considered a security risk. Arklem can teleport and bring whoever he wishes directly.

Mid battle, will yell out ow, what the heaven?
Will notice power source is down.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[arklem]: arklem "Arklem Greeth"
[irithyll-oubliette]: ../east/irithyll-oubliette "Irithyll Oubliette"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"