# Sloobludop
Small village that used to contain 500 kua-toa. Close to [[velkynvelve]] on the north/eastern coast of [[darklake]].
P43 of Out of the Abyss.
Gargling bubbly language. No eyelids, sleepwalk.


Should go there (need boat, and rest, pursuit--, dreams also point them there)

Mostly dark, few spots of dim light from pho-fungus + choral + fish reflections.
Kua-toa hate bright light and become hostile if brought.

Bridges + platforms strung throughout. CAN ACCIDENTALLY BREAK BRIDGES.p44
Undercommon only. Shooshar + Stool can help translate.
Ploop also can cast on them to help.

## ENCOUNTER1
MEET 1 monitor + 8 ka toa near city p45. They capture (deadly, but they leave characters at 0 to be stabilized later)

## ENCOUNTER2
Second capture.

STRUGGLE: DEEP FATHER (DEMOGORGON) vs DEEP MOTHER (normal fish god)

Ploop Arch priest meet (read p45 rhs last para). Served sea mother for some time. Stink eye towards Shooshar. Explain Daugther (Blopp’s) vision. “Greatest creature of all.” “They serve Leemooggoogoon now. She gained many magical powers.”

Read about sacrifices just pre-baiting the hook. (how they are split)

“We need someone to infiltrate these mindless sacrificers. The true believers of the Sea Mother must cut the head of thiscult. You will of course, be well rewarded for your aid.”

“We will present you as bait, dress you up as humanoid sacrifices as a “token of reconciliation”.
(Don’t take their weapons anyway - “just hide your weapons, ok?”
“Do not attack.”

## BROUGHT TO Gloog DEEP MOTHER SHRINE
“There’s no need for outsiders to be involved in sacred matters.”
Dismissing: “We must flow with the currents of the godess’s visions.”

Hostile glare to characters.
12x kua-toa + monitor arrive. Ploop tells ; “These will be escorted as prisoners to the altar of the Deep Father.”

READ TEXT  “THE OFFERING”

## BROUGHT TO REGION4

Read TEXT. SHOW PICTURE.
5x Kua-toa + 2 whip + 2 monitors near altar.
Blopp is blood thirsty. Has a bound and gagged duergar..

Ritual.

Sacrifices start. Duergar first. You are prodded with spears toward aslight depression 20ft from the altar.
PLOOP (sea mother) STRIKES BLOPP (sea father). Everyone gasps.
R3: read last paragraph before DEMOGORGON RISES.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[velkynvelve]: velkynvelve "Velkynvelve"
[darklake]: darklake "Darklake"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
