# Arcane Brotherhood
A de-funct mages guild of [[luskan]].

Had a long history of loose cooperation with Neverwinter and to a lesser extent, Waterdeep.
Corrupted and guided by Arklem using the Egg of Galadaeros + Glibness.

## Members
- Grand Archmage [[arklem]]
- Archmage [[celerom]]
- Conjurer [[sydney]]

## Developments
- [[55-brotherhood]] party discovers and talks to Celerom.
- [[87-pask-luskan]] discovered Arklem + Celerom battle
- [[91-kavaki-variety]] Celerom only surviving

## Ranks
- (Intern) Initiate
- (Junior) Conjurer
- (Senior) Evoker
- (Staff) Master mage
- Archmage (Principal)

Discount: -15*(level-1) == 30 at evoker

## Tower Arcane
Castle erected by netherese arcanist Melathar. Was a spellward and huge stone walls that look like a tree now. Huge. Home to the academy for the Arcane Brothehood.

Mages have color suffixes. Kazhen the Red.

https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Arcane_Brotherhood
https://the-legacy-of-the-crystal-shard.fandom.com/wiki/Arcane_Brotherhood

### Tower Lore
Has books on Demon Lords from Mordenkainen himself.
Learn about the rivalries and chaotic nature (yeenoghu and baphomet), i.e. that they are unlikely to orchestrate grand plans themselves.
(Can teach you about the Ruathym Brothehood isle if they rank up well).


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[luskan]: ../north/luskan "Luskan"
[arklem]: ../npcs/arklem "Arklem Greeth"
[celerom]: ../npcs/celerom "Celerum"
[sydney]: ../npcs/sydney "Sydney"
[55-brotherhood]: ../recaps/55-brotherhood "55-brotherhood"
[87-pask-luskan]: ../recaps/87-pask-luskan "87-pask-luskan"
[91-kavaki-variety]: ../recaps/91-kavaki-variety "91-kavaki-variety"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
