# Maerimydra

[[irae]]'s phylactery.

Outer entrances to Drow city Maerimydra
Tons and tons of died creatures in slave pens.

Ancient Drow encampment. Grand buildings. Some destroyed towers, some spires still intact.

### Encounters
Ghost Walk Spider 0 TOB 361

One actual ghost: Ssapriina
I will tell you what happened here, provided you do me one favour.
(Release my corpse – bound to a gem in the eyes of the spider).

## Story
Truth be told, I am not even sure where we are. This city used to sit beneath the Dalelands at the southern border of Mistledale (as you surface dwellers would know of it).

Everyone were consumed Irae. Her power is immense. She slaughtered the entire city. Her wand absorbed all the defensive magic as she unleashed .

She slaughtered the entire city. Then teleported it here, all under water. To hide something. I saw it with my own eyes. Hundreds of years ago I've been struck down here. Occasionally she returns. Fortifies the place up even more. You never know when she's truly here.

Do NOT make your way into a lich's tomb unless you have a way to get yourself out. Every remaining fiber of my being knows that this is a death trap.

## Irae
Irae T'sarran was a female drow high priestess of Kiaransalee. People started learning she was learning necromancy from the vengeful banshee. Strayed from the path of Lolth. Tired of her favouritism. But K's influence is corrupting.

## Courtyard of Lolth
Invisibility purge
Coliseum

## Noble Houses (spires)
House T'sarran
House Kiren

## Tomb of Irae – Inside Castle Maerimydra
Inside, flickering continual flame keeps the courtyard illumintaed.
Two possessed pillars guarding it:
https://open5e.com/monsters/tome-of-beasts/p/possessed-pillar
Two eye golems:
https://open5e.com/monsters/tome-of-beasts/g/golems/eye-golem

Infernal calling with not correct gems:

Formula Ability Checks: Intelligence (Arcana) or Wisdom (Yog-Sothothery) DC 17, Intelligence (History) or Wisdom (Yog-Sothothery) DC 17, Intelligence (Arcana or History) or Wisdom (Yog-Sothothery) DC 17 Formula Backlash: 3d4 psychic damage Formula Failure: Magically frightened for 8 hours and one level of exhaustion

ToA protection.
Also some good phylactery maps in dndmaps (my folder).

## Boss
Level 6 TOA? No. Map it out.

Treaure
https://old.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/clvya8/oc_madame_jettes_cryptozoological_curiosities/

Young aboleth in a jar? Monoculous? Full spell reset for warlocks. (ONE TIME).

EMHA *. COY

Further inside: the necromancers's cave part powered by tombs.

Although.. Is that sensible? Haven't seeded the world with missing tombs. Maybe they are the leaders of the world as it's gradually being destroyed by demon lords?
King of NW (musical mode right?)
Leader of Luskan (Arklem)
Unmasked Lord of Waterdeep (haven't even mentioned)
Magnificent Matriarch; Quenthil?

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[irae]: ../npcs/irae "Irae T'sarran"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
