# Penthacoron
A folded pyramid (looks like a 5-cell / hypertetrahedron projection) mechanism that unfolds into a demi-plane where Queen Neri / new player has been imprisoned within (9th level hedged prison - imprisonment) - labyrinth.

A desert-style goblim realm of money loot goblins.
Goblin queen guards the passage to a pyramid which contain [[arklem]]'s phylactery.

## Developments
Pentachoron identified as a planar teleporter.
Goblin came out of it earlier trying to move it. But he escaped into it.
We think it contains a rather large plane, demi-plane, pocket-plane hard to tell.

## Underlying Mechanic
Tetrahedral interconnection. Each face is a tetrahedron that has a path to every other. 10 triangular walls – everyone maps to another. Solve every room and unlock the center room.

gnome master who has a crossbow machinegun

(a weapon to move monk to less stun and more single target damage)

## Lost Pyramid
Slave knight like wastelind like ashes of ariandel.
Gael; Slave knight guard within + mummies?.

Inside the pyramid behind several locked doors.
Some arcane locks that require through manipulation (Arcana 20) / Knock.

Within, vase with green glowing essence within. Smash it / holy water it to weaken and render lich vulnerable. He will appear at that point with backup.

### Phylactery
Glowing silvery pyramidal gemstone (d4).
If someone smashes it while Arklem is around, he will insta Power Word Kill before trying to get out.


## Rejected
### New party members
extra member found herein?

### Irae's prison
An instrument where a creature trapped by Irae resides?
Someone who inadvertedly helped her re-animate the banshee.

### Sunwuko relics?
Put Monkey King relics in here? Monks and goblins both like golden shit, right?

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[arklem]: ../npcs/arklem "Arklem Greeth"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
