---
type: npc
---

# Andariel
Houses Sphinx Andariel. Similar to androsphinx from whiteplume but has chronomancy at will.
Sphinx is feminine, but extremely muscular, short hair. Androgynous vibe to it. She lives on [[grundsgryn]].

- Met party in [[36-grundsgryn]] and [[37-day-of-the-androsphinx]].

## Encounters
- Enjoys the local booze and became an alcoholic. Symbiotic relationship of holy berries to whiskey.
- Has an elaborate cat fortress  around her research lab.
- Helped Summoned fortress for Zelben in the past early on top of what was meant to be a temple near the mountain initially.
- Energy from lab funnelled into Berry Farm (huge chamber).

Sphinx contained in "Indefinite Preservation" 8 level spell (ala sequester) in PRESENT
(Faint semi-frozen image – suspended in timeline) "Petrified"
But some kind of force cage around it and energy extracted.

 Sent here in the past to attempt to scry into the future with chronomancy, sent on behalf of Selune/Bahamut in lieu of demon lord summoning.
Higher pitched, playful. Whistles, sometimes bored (neko hime).

## Lines
- Even if I do believe you, it won't matter. My path is established. You have to be the ones to change it.
- Time can only fluctuate so much. Changing events one day in the future, sure, 30 years? I am predestined to forget this meeting ever occurred.
- Dispel a 9 level spell? That's a hard dispel for even a god-like magic user. I doubt that's something you'll be able to pull off, but it's worth a shot perhaps.
- If you do manage to untie me, I might be able to fight for you, but I might require convincing at that point. I won't remember this, and I can't advise here (time will conspire against me).

Alternatively, get the drop on him when travelling back. I can teach you something, I have a few tricks up my fur. Delay Pain / Suppress Reaction / Delay Pain. I

## Past battle
He'd need some serious lair actions. Would stop population problem in present...
Crazy solution...

**Puzzles (appeasement1 if they request it)**
- What has eyes yet cannot see? four answers: needles, storms,  true lover I've used this one where each character had to give an answer in order to pass.
- I have a tail, and I have a head, but i have no body. I am NOT a snake. What am I?A coin
- I know a word. Six letters it contains. Take away one. And twelve is what remains. --Dozens
- Dick riddle: When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.

**Whiskey (appeasement2) **
He normally drinks whiskey, but already has enough good stuff. They'll have to infer from the goblin about the idea.

## Suggested
Some kind of trap setup for dragon in present to weaken it.
First they'd have to get Time Walk ingredients so they can get back to the present +-1 day.

Ingredients:
- Void Essence (void scales / liquid from future people)
- Refined Chronos Essence: (refined in past using tech from future)
- Spell book in present, but only openable in future after some decay.

(Sphinx does not know all the spells in past, she learns them over the years and writes them down).

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[grundsgryn]: ../seaofbones/grundsgryn "Grundsgryn"
[36-grundsgryn]: ../recaps/36-grundsgryn "36-grundsgryn"
[37-day-of-the-androsphinx]: ../recaps/37-day-of-the-androsphinx "37-day-of-the-androsphinx"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
