---
type: npc
---

# Anjanu
[[pendle]]'s new handler.

## Dangling from the wall in a torture chamber
Breach of contract => variety of join scenarios.

## Interrogation by Rakshasa Ajanu?
Humanoid figure with two horns staring at you. Smiling.

- "Pendle. X3"
- "Your contract is one of great controversy around here."
- "You should count yourself lucky that I was the one who bought the, shall we say, ill-fated remains of your contract."
- "I am Ajanu. I oversee a large part of the trading business in Dis."
- "Don't worry, I don't intend to keep you here long this is just a little bit of amendment."
- "Your contract cannot be nullified while you are alive, but we are able to amend it to such an extent that none of the original, demands upon your person remains."
- "I will keep you here for as long as is needed unfortunately."


> Eyes of all the victims you kill. Bag em up. But I am more of a... man.. then that. Oh, ok.

> He wants one fingernail from your non-dominant hand. It pulls them out with a pair of shiny, black pliers. The fingernail never grows back.

> Whenever you come across a troubled person on the material plane. Touch the book to call out to me.

- I am operating on my best possible intent here. I will not grant the same courtesy twice. These terms are most lenient considering your infamy here.


Oh, and I can grant you one bonus, as a token of my appreciation for your cooperation... Would you like your eyes to glow, matching the luminous glow of your garment?

(frequently this means dark crimson due to TOC)

> If you die, I get your soul.
> If you die on the day (exactly 13 days from now), I get your soul.
> One proficiency.

"They should have known better than to deal in  absolutes with a gnome."

## Contract details
Star clause on eye glow. Subject to availability of colors. List of available colors: …

https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_colors
> we are unable to offer special color combination or offer retroactive discounts or refunds on promotional purchases in the event of a price reduction or promotional offering.

> The colors available on a given day as listed here are not guaranteed and are subject to change without notice.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[pendle]: ../pcs/pendle "Pendleblip"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
