---
type: npc
---

# Cameron

Painter in [[waterdeep]] and stowaway aboard the [[artemis]].
Got lost in the [[mirror-temple]] where he was ultimately saved.
[[goatweaver]] thinks he's amazingly good at painting (not really).
Based on Theo from Celeste. Comic relief character.
Australian accent.
Has a little sister, Alex. Studying abjuration at the Academy.
Not sure what to do in life anymore. Just felt the urge to get lost in the middle of nowhere.
Guided [[hjarka]] a bit with dealing with her alter self.
Relaxed on the [[artemis]] for quite some time after.
Was part of the funeral in [[neverwinter]] where he was not seen again.
- Did he travel with the Artemis to Baldur's Gate?
- Did he work in Neverwinter?
- Did he return to Waterdeep?

## Art critics
Celerom (nay)
GW (yay)
Mordai (yay)
Hjarka (meh)

### Initial meeting (waterdeep below)
Find him inside camping. Happy to see another human in such a lonely place.
- "Adventurer from a far off land."
- "Mysterious lone wolf type? I get it. I'll just imagine some dark backstory for you."
- "Well, Hjarka, I'd say you've come to the right place."
- "Well, my inquisitive compatriot, I doth hail from the mystical, exotic kingdom of... Waterdeep."
- "That place is wild."
WHY ARE YOU HERE? "To explore..."
- "I have a thing for abandoned places. And I'd like to think of myself as a budding painter."
WHERE YOU SELL YOUR STUFF? X?
- X? Everyone sells their stuff to the Academy these days. Those guys are funded hard. I'm CamCam420 look me up.
- "The temple up a head looks pretty scary. Are you turning back soon?"
- "I can see the determination in your eyes! It's inspiring."
- "I don't really care about shrines, TBH." <- THIS IS A SHRINE NOT A TEMPLE
- You know what they say before you're about to do something dangerous?
- "YOOOOLOOO" <_singing  yOOO---o—Loooo
- "You ouagtha leave at once"

### Gondola (scrapped)
End of island entrance to temple. Mirror temple entrance. Ultimately just did the old lady one.

Find Cameron. Wait up Hjarka! Falls down 20 feet from above. "Nailed it. *cough*"
"Yeah, I'm fine, just gimme a sec."
"A temple! I've always wanted to explore one of these!"
"Gondola operator? Lever looks important. *Pulls* Whole thing shakes. "easy every time".
Safe? "I'm sure this is fine"
How did it go with Mordecai? < -- WARNED ABOUT HIM AS STOWAWAY
"You didn't get hurt, that's what matters."
Air super thin up there. You struggle to breathe.
The whole thing shakes, like something heavy just dropped on one side of the gondola.
"Looks like we stalled out."
Cameron tries to help: "Maybe if I *breaks lever* well, that's not good"
Your vision turns almost black. You see purple tendrils poking towards you from outside your vision range. You really struggle to breathe and you're starting to panic.
Cameron tries to comfort.
"Don't take this out on me. Cmon breathe."
"My grandpa thaught me a trick for this. Close your eyes. Picture a feather floating in front of you. See it? Okay. Your breathing keeps the feather floating. Just breathe slow and steady, in and out.
CON SAVE?
Your vision slowly returns to normal as oxygen slowly starts to flow properly between your lungs and mouth.
*Slam* The gondola reaches the top. (Entrance to temple).

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[waterdeep]: ../coast/waterdeep "Waterdeep"
[artemis]: ../seaofbones/artemis "Artemis"
[mirror-temple]: ../seaofbones/mirror-temple "Mirror Temple"
[goatweaver]: ../pcs/goatweaver "Goatweaver"
[hjarka]: ../pcs/hjarka "Hjarka"
[neverwinter]: ../north/neverwinter "Neverwinter"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
