# Dhaikhezzish
Dhaikhezzish The Incandescent. The Flame of Truth, Grand Sultan of All The Efreet, The Crimson Firebrand of the [[cityofbrass]].
(Magnus Incalesco of the [[silver-helix]])

## Looks
Small smoke goatee, eyes of sparkling green flame, and sharp elongated claws.
Garbed in white-hot iron armor and intricate pantaloons of blackened adamantine links.
Sultan Buff: Surrounded by an aura of pale red fire and smoke. 3m radius. Poison + fire dmg.

## Personality
Transactional. Warmer than the rest. Eye for gambling.
High stakes champions in the Onyx Octagon.
Rite of succession after `Marrake`.
Dutiful. Secure/Arrogant. Outspoken. Open. Inspiring.
8 Efreet on guard at all times. 100s more in facility.

## Pet nightmares
Eversmoke and Black Onyx

## Meeting
They will have to seek an audience. But will take too long on day one.

Can meet devils / efreet
- have talks about supply chains from Avernus/Dis
- imply the first meeting is a judge of character
Can meet slaves:
- always stroke his ego, and provid him with value, and he is rich..

He will not reveal anything outright, but will suggest meeting at Long Castle, entry token.

## Transactional Demands
one of:
- fight my champions in the Onyx Octagon
- an artifact
- invest via The Grand Obsidian (bank/exchange) in

## Champions
If they loose. Double or nothing:
Fight `Rak Tulkhesh`.
vs. Knights of Kavaki in 3 days.

### After the loss
- someone fired whoever placed those odds, no one consulted a background check? ask names.

staff (visage change):
- yes. you have of course earned your price.
- there is one small condition though.
- in the event that you die on your mission
- we don't want to be known as littering the multiverse with these artifacts
- it's already suspicious enough that you visit several magnus
- upon your death, we would like it returned to us
if they joke, ensure that the 9th level `Greater Dimensional Claim` is cast. Cannot be dispelled, cannot be wished away. Artifact level magic.
(Same as what the various power crystals in the bank use to ensure their collateral.)
give them a signed seal on a brass scroll, he laser etches it in.
bank can then verify it with the vendor who displays it.

scrying, last day.
come back. fight again.
we'll find something more diverse for you, apparently nothing is strong enough alone to tackle you.
Another fight, or whatever else powerful enough to match your first offering here, you can look at whatever you want in here for a few days, no judgement (raises eyebrow, creepily).

## Expensive Art
P135 DMG
- Jade game board with solid gold playing pieces
- Jeweled platinum ring
- Sovereign glue in a platinum bottle

## Artifacts
- Brimstone; Flame Tongue based Scimitar. extra 2d6 fire dmg. +3. Random props.

Aritfact Extinction; modified Rod of Absorption. Can also cast spells:
- Nondetection 1 charge
- Warding Bond 1 charge
- Glyph of Warding 1 charge
- Protection from Energy 3 charges
- Private Sanctum 3 charges
- Circle of Power 4 charges
- Mind Blank 6 Charges
2d4+2 charges restored per day. Up to 8 in staff.
Staff maintains concentration if necessary, but it can only concentrate on one spell at a time.
Removed spellcasting slots from rod of absorption part.
https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/3105572-extinction
Extinction:
- Major Positive: +2 INT
- Minor Positive: 3rd level spell; Sending
- Minor Negative: Blinded when > 10ft away from it
- Major Negative: Vulnerability to all damage while attuned.

## Scrying
At the Long Castle spire deep within. Just do DMC3 style tower. Rotating as you walk around and activate it.

scrying is harder to detect
- cannot bypass truesight, but thanks to the power, it's tiny, really hard to detect
- cannot bypass mind blank (no thoughts / intentions / emotions)

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[cityofbrass]: ../planar/cityofbrass "City of Brass"
[silver-helix]: ../factions/silver-helix "Silver Helix"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
