---
type: npc
---

# Galeron
Regiment Leader of the [[graycloaks]]

(i inaccurately thought were the canonical leader, but that was a different elven greycloak faction, use different last name).
Galeron is a tall human male with silver hair. Good leader. Respected. Powerful fighter.

## Developments
- Worked as for-hire soldiers under [[mordai-vell]] during economic downturn
- [[53-wish-unleashed]] Party kills [[mordai-vell]] and takes most of the money
- Struggles to keep finances running, most mining operations running through gets thieved
- In charge of keeping order in the city after Baphomet's attack
- Retraining ex-pirates for work (so far so good)
- [[122-gregorian-planning]] Will "deal with the undead" during [[kiaransalee]]'s attack

## Halls of Justice
Galeron is suspicious of GW's theocratic/autocratic plan [[105-neverwinter-estate]].
Needs more followers/proof.

## Setup
10x Archers on the walls. Presumes everything comes through.
40x Swordsmen within walls at various points, expecting the wall not to work against a powerful creature.
Galeron is a Champion.

## Gilbert Adoption
Galeron has adopted Gilbert (who misses Raffolk/Claudia).

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[graycloaks]: ../factions/graycloaks "Graycloaks"
[mordai-vell]: mordai-vell "Mordai Vell"
[53-wish-unleashed]: ../recaps/53-wish-unleashed "53-wish-unleashed"
[122-gregorian-planning]: ../recaps/122-gregorian-planning "122-gregorian-planning"
[kiaransalee]: ../deities/kiaransalee "Kiaransalee"
[105-neverwinter-estate]: ../recaps/105-neverwinter-estate "105-neverwinter-estate"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
