# Gwyn

Misguided goolock who serves [[xial]] and was going to become food in lower plane.
Came here on a one way teleport to the island (teleported to nearest land, brazenly).

Came in to one scary fucking island. During Orcus besiege (after Syrgaul's initial attack).
Saw undead creatures, horrifying sea women, but saw unmasted Emperess anchored outside shore.
Hijacked it, barred the bottom of it and set sail. Creatures lurked, but tied up the broken ones.

## Lines
You wouldn't understand. You don't know what it's like to be so close to reaching something.
I was reaching something greater than myself.
I'd be wary of the island. The stench of undeath is inescapable. Something is corrupted the creatures that live there, and while I sensed something familiar, the damn vines on there nearly killed me. The [[empress]] was useful on the other hand. (The ship you barged your way onto).

## Development
- [[38-iz-ship]] Was about to be eaten by the octopus when the party intervened.

Goatweaver command word: Drop. During the initial encounter + further aggressive persuasion caused him to not to fight you.

He had the chance to escape to firewatch island but chose not to:
Scared of the island because he's seen actual undead there (not in line with Xial's species)
But there ~~is~~was a Neothelid in the water there (sensing the connection – and escaped from flayer base)

You ended up capturing him on the Artemis and interrogating him further. Distressed after not "ascending". Will try to communicate / find other point of power.
Explained to [[iz]] that they see the same visions through strange drawings that only mean something to the two of them.

- [[46-neverwinter-redshirt]] He is released.

## Island motivation
Gwyn needs rest to contact his gods. Or try to anyway.
People should go there if they want to investigate. Plenty of good items there, and they can stop Orcus.
Indebted dwarf fled there, Gedesto will know about him (helped him escape – knows that people are searching for him in waterdeep (Davus Raal))

## Spells
Brew Space Mead 4th-level transmutation (formula, ritual) Casting Time: 24 hours every other month for 10 months (24-hour phases when cast as a formula) Range: Touch Components: V, S, M (various unusual ingredients which the spell consumes; alchemist’s supplies or brewer’s supplies) Formula Ability Checks: Intelligence with alchemist’s supplies or brewer’s supplies DC 15, Intelligence with alchemist’s supplies or Wisdom (Yog-Sothothery) DC 15, Intelligence with brewer’s supplies or Wisdom (YogSothothery) DC 15 Formula Backlash: One level of exhaustion Formula Failure: Magically frightened for 10 days and another level of exhaustion Duration: 24 hours, then 10 days You create ten servings of space mead. Space mead is normally very unstable, and evaporates uselessly after only 24 hours, starting from the time the spell is completed. If consumed before that time is up, the space mead grants the drinker immunity to the effects of exposure to the vacuum of space and the drinker need not eat, sleep, or breathe for 10 days. You need not follow any of the restrictions of spellcasting during the breaks in this spell’s casting time. If you cast the spell normally, you only expend the spell slot when you finish the casting time. (You can use that slot normally in the interim.)

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[xial]: ../deities/xial "Xial"
[empress]: ../seaofbones/empress "Empress"
[38-iz-ship]: ../recaps/38-iz-ship "38-iz-ship"
[iz]: ../pcs/iz "Iz"
[46-neverwinter-redshirt]: ../recaps/46-neverwinter-redshirt "46-neverwinter-redshirt"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
