---
type: npc
---

# Ilvara
> Mizzrym

DISEASED high priestess of Lolth.
Ilvara (priestess): http://chisaipete.github.io/bestiary/creatures/drow-priestess-of-lolth

Killed [[pendle]] once. Killed [[dhoznak]].

Had several clues in her notebook about demon lord origin:
- [[81-fracto-nimbuli]]
- veldrinsshar

## Ambush
In [[19-mizzrym]]
- Drow priestess - fey, insect plague, summon yochlol, 2x scourge, banishment, mass cureW, conjure spid
- Drow elite warrior - fey, ffire, levitate, poisoning crossbow, parry reaction
- ~~Drider – fey,ffire,darkness,dlights,web (extra)~~

- Concentrations: insect plague, faerie fire, levitate, conjure animals (2 giant spiders), web, banish
- Positioning: Ilvara standing on a ledge above. Commanding the battle. About 15ft up.

Names: Shor + Asha Vandree. Jorlan's dead head hanging from one of them.
Tweaks: Drow elites should be weaker. Can only have 33hp

### Loot
- Potion of greater healing
- Scourge weapon. Requires evil.
- Lore Book

### Book
This is her book of ancient creates capable of conjuring these demon lords.
But they only contain a few clues about things she is looking after.

- Kiaransalee. Powerful necromancer in V'elddrinsshar. Dragons+Undead. Would like to reclaim Menzo.
- Fracto-Nimbuli. Greedy and vain cloud giant in Vanenheim. Would like to see the north coast overrun.
- Quenchunuoye. Elder brain in Telnarquel. This place is super dangerous.
- Eilistraee. Good deity of the drow. Would like to see Lolth banished to the abyss. Forest.
- Quenthel Baenre. Infighting with houses. Mizzrym doing well normally.

### Told info
Not enough info to tell where, but you can tell these are directions to X.
Complete map of Telnarquel (they don't know the name). Soaked in blood. You think. It's certainly stained with something dark and irony.

### Open questions
Q: If Ilvara is hunting for clues, why is she hunting them?
A: Pride. Loss of face if they were to actually escape.
A: Motivation. She'll be extremely punitive if successful.

A: Miz'ri (matron mother) runs the slave trade.

Q: Why give such an important scout task to a priestess?
A: They need someone powerful to roam and get info.

Q: If she knows this is not Menzo's doing, why does she still work like that?
A: she's simply gathering information as a side job and has no clue.


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[pendle]: ../pcs/pendle "Pendleblip"
[dhoznak]: ../pcs/dhoznak "Dhoznak"
[81-fracto-nimbuli]: ../recaps/81-fracto-nimbuli "81-fracto-nimbuli"
[19-mizzrym]: ../recaps/19-mizzrym "19-mizzrym"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
