# Koth M'gog

The patron Mindgorger has made Mordai a powerful player in battle for power in the sword coast. He thinks he's being careful. He's being used by the Aboleth. Ultimately connected to the Lich.

Can only be killed in the Shadowfell.

## Development
- [[49-crusher]] Aboleth (form in prime material)
- [[50-nowhere]] Nihileth ( form in shadow fell)
- [[53-wish-unleashed]] Spectral summon; swallowed whelm and ported out

## Lines from Mordai Vell
"Have you even heard of Koth M'gog? .Perhaps, you've heard about the Mindgorger? (bogeyman like story of a creature eating your brains if you've been bad, children's fable at this point)."
"Laugh all you want. Guess who's brains he's feasting on in the shadowfell, as their undead corpses are bound to this plane."

"Did you say you went down there? Did all of you return? I have not felt him getting more powerful, but he always gets them once they are enslaved. They get to serve every living day in the shadowfell until their mind is consumed."
"It might take years, but once they are enslaved they can never leave the Shadowfell."
"Koth? He helped decode the tomes in the Acropolis of Vanathos. The Vengeful Banshee will rise again."
"The Demon Lords? Hah. A distraction. While they unleash utter chaos, no one looks to Thay, no one cares about a villages lost to zombies. No one cares about the dead already slain when creatures 10 times your size roam near where YOU live. Those dead will fuel our army."

## Future quest: Whelm Heist?
Initial scry from Celerom: The maul is inside a creature. Hard to get a complete pin on it at the moment. I'm seeing a very strange moving tube, and I do see a hammer, charged with electricity, and the electricity is flowing into the tube).  "If I didn't know any better, it almost looks physiological". I can tell I'm being drawn to the underdark, but am not able to pinpoint it yet. I would have to go to other areas and triangulate.

I can keep trying (every 8h), and I'm sure I will succeed.. (NB Cant just use recharge station below – it requires the magic to stay confined to this tower).

## IDEA: Whelm Heist Gracklstugh
Themberchaud there..
Protective mages looking for egg (keepers p66 ooa)
Deepking's Hold p82. Buff his items + stats. Hordes of invisible duergar outside!
The path to the hold is through him?

City partially absorbed/egged by nihileth.
Nihileth boss with lightning powers!
Maybe tell them they can teleport to the king if they come back successful?
They also have asked for help about the forge.

Celerum will teleport them into the kings castle? If they'll plunder the Horn Enclave's Vault.

You need to fetch this "Totally Evil" Talisman for me. Take whatever else you want.
Chime of Silence (5 pipes joined by a glossy black rod at the top)

### Dwarven Heist
Follow bits from Acq Inc  Horn Enclave
https://www.twipu.com/TheRedEpic/tweet/1141065196833611776
Episode 03 - Acquisitions Incorporated The Series

#### Vaults
Combination Lock into the silver small private vaults. Highly secure.
Dwarf opens outer door, then lets you go to your cell inside.
Ironbeard.

#### Barracks
If they start fighting or breaking into things...
Duergar + serious muscle. Whatever that means..
Two chained young fire dragons?

#### Hall of Elders
Well obviously leaders here.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[49-crusher]: ../recaps/49-crusher "49-crusher"
[50-nowhere]: ../recaps/50-nowhere "50-nowhere"
[53-wish-unleashed]: ../recaps/53-wish-unleashed "53-wish-unleashed"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
