---
type: npc
---

# Rak Tulkhesh

Undefeated Champion of the Onyx Octagon in the [[cityofbrass]].
Overlord of Battlefield of Avernus in the Blood War.
Personal Guard of Asmodeus.
Devil (due to my backstory, even tho originally a fiend).

Fights party with 8-1 odds at 50k gold bet.

## Their plan
Potion of heroism plan.
But no potions before battle!
Wall of Force protection
Holy Weapon (+2d8)
Potion of Speed (bonus action to drink)
Mind Shielding?
Globe of Invuln (wont work against weapoons)
NB: he can dispel in round 3 to end magic.

## Strategy
### Defense
23 AC, 25 ranged AC, crazy speed, 80ft fly. Crazy Saves.
Res cold/fire/lightning.
Immunity: poison.
### Attacking
+17 to hit, max AC 24 => 7 hits everything.
Actually only hit cloaked GW with cloak 50% chance as (14/20)^2
Can miss 20AC people with 10% chance (1or2).

Infuse one smite per round (but he has limited smites).
- Blinding is great. He needs to fail a con save to loose it.
"see one weapon glow brighter and brighter as it rushes towards and impales your chest, make a CON save"
- Banishing is crazy good. Also concentration, but they need to break it with one less. Save it for last. It's potentially a Deus Ex Machina.
- Staggering is whatever. Throw it in there to confuse them.

### Legendaries
#### 3 Attacks
Most DPS, but might not hit due to potions. Throw in crazy crits if too easy.
Damage == 28 => crit dmg == 66. Just roll them in the channel.
expected damage on 4 hits is 112 dmg.
on gw it is 56, but that rises after dispel.
with 4 hits + legendary hit => 140dmg round.
probably like 70-80 per round on GW after debuff.
they are fucked if he disables him.

#### Debuff + Extra Attack
Dispel legendary removes Spell effects from activated potions.
- Potion of Speed (effect of haste spell)
- Potion of Heroism (bless pell only, not temp hp)
#### Homebrew: Cast Action Spell (2 actions)
Spirit guardians. Sword themed guardians. Do it as an enrage if all smites have failed.
#### Provoke Rage
DC24 WIS SAVE vs reaction against closet creature. Everyone. Mostly just annoying for people in the back as they end up throwing weapons.

## Banishing Smite
Can trigger disqualification if concentration is not broken. They have one minute. They can maybe run down the clock while the announcers tell them this.

## Extra Plan
Compel Duel Paladin. Probably not useful.
Blink.
RING OF WISH!

wish for a massive rock to flatten the arena while they are invulnerable
would have to pay for damages

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[cityofbrass]: ../planar/cityofbrass "City of Brass"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
