---
type: npc
---

# Venquesh

Venkash was a condescending devil in a cushy subcontractor job for dispater.
Took a liking to [[pendle]].
Now retired beauraucrat.

- "Apologies for the mess, and dragging you all into this."
- "We need to measure the strength of our assets, and Mr. Pendleblip Goddalming Curmudgin 16's strength lies not in solo-work so we need to test him in as real life scenario as possible."
- We'll compensate you for your participation.


- 200 gold per failure, 100 per success. Memory modification is costly when you all die you know.
- Small chest with all of it. Three fliers on top of it:  "Need gold now? SOULS4GOLD!"
- "Got a soul? 1000gold! No questions asked! Just fill in this short form and hand to our nearest representative. Paid for by the Infernal Border Agency."

## Complaints
Burau of Measurement (regulated by the Soul Protection Agency)
Devil names: Nurval, Merodach, Ku-Baba, Allatu
Fallen angel names: Harut, Asuriel, Semyaza, Zuriel

## Beauraucracy
Infernal Metric Soul Unit
Imperial Soul Units hard to work with (esp. Across planes)
Soul mafia. Soul tax.
Dis forming a  better trade deal with Malbolge.
No taxation without reprobation.

## Mammon Summoning
Large silhouette, steps forward, rather terrifyingly.

But as you see this shadow step forwards its visage shrinks considerably, and it changes from this transluscent black shadow into this small humanoid, black robes, yellowish skin, large beer gut. Black lips opening up with a smile not unlike an entertainer. Huge amount of jewelry hanging from his body, around his yellowy arms. Enormous silver pendants hanging from his oversized earlobes. Large protruding facial bones protruding from his face.

If the bone structure and yellowy skin didn't give away its infernal ancestry to this creature, the two strange thick horns protruding straight outwards from his ears about 1 foot, before angling 90 degrees upwards with knife like sharpness.

### Fallout
Community service for pendle?
Vanqesh returns to offer better terms – when available

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[pendle]: ../pcs/pendle "Pendleblip"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
