# Mages Guild
The magocracy that rules Waterdeep.

## Thieves Guild
Sszaonar – Arachnomancer
https://dota2.gamepedia.com/Dragon_Lance - +3 Spear with 20ft reach

## Places
Reclining chair study room.
"I am becoming cleverer in my arms" "muscle iq expanding"

## Black Staff Academy / Luna Nova
Large cathedral looking building with a huge park opening. There are guards at the gates. 4 pairs of stone golems. But they appear almost deactivated. Inside is plenty of girls practicing basic forms of magic.

Then an aquifer like road lead on to a much larger hall. Similarly monasterial. With a large door that opens.

### Sucy (Divine Soul Sorcerer 11)
Brews / shrooms + enchantment
Needs nidhogg's nose and mushrooms from underdark. Will be able to create charms and light enchantments.

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YHRf4dvJ369qWN5iVm-vMTzt985Sd6Shx1QespxRrIs/edit#gid=0 - once you've helped her out enough.

She also has other specialist items:
- Headband of Intellect (8000)
- Staff of Frost (26000)
- Ring of Spell Storing (16000)
https://forums.giantitp.com/showthread.php?424243-Sane-Magic-Item-Prices

Spell scrolls up to level 6.

### Lotte (War Magic Wizard 11)
Conjuration / animal handling

Needs a beast to replace her own. She has an actual large cat with a red jewel in it's face.

"Anything that's worthy of domestication." If you can bring it, we can train it.

### Ursula (Wild Magic Sorcerer 14)
[[ursula]]

#### Post-demogorgon research
...ursula senses chronomancy...
"Vast quantities of arcane energy were unleashed here today. Enormous remnants of magic dispersed from the clouds as demogorgon fell. Did he have some kind of contingency? The most concerning thing is that no-one noticed an effect."

"if this is a school of magic we do not even know about, we need to study it."

if Mordai offers up, she'll ask for examples. HARM [[hanir]].
Explain from Hanir POV as he focuses on the magical swirl and all he can see is the black vortex above the sky from before. But it lingers in your mind. It envelops your every thought. Your vision clouds up, your eyes swell and fill with darkness. All of you suddenly see Hans' eyes go completely black, and his necrotic shroud tears itself from his body (CHA SAVE 16 vs frightened) => plants in the room wither. -> psychic dmg.

any spells after trigger wild magic effects..

...ursula learns about Irae's assembly...

"So she was behind this. If she has the power to command creatures of this power, creatures not native to this plane, then we are all still in danger."

"I did not believe, and I still skeptical, that these creatures could even be truly killed on this plane." (no, they reform in the abyss after 10 days).
(bring up the story of when dragon cultists summoned an avatar of tiamat).

...ursula talks about necromancers

"If history can teach us something here, it's necromancers can work together, if united under the banner of a deity allowed to ascend. Divinity carries a plethora of stories like these; Bhaal (lord of murder), Myrkul (lord of bones), Bane (lord of darkness), and, it would seem; Kiaransalee (the revenancer).

"if one is close to obtaining the power of a god..."

..ursula researches the acropolis...
Read about the Acropolis.
learn of V'elddrinnsshar a city to the east cituated in a mile wide island in the centre of the Moondeep Sea (below Galena Mountains to the east).

(Veldrin and shar meaning concealment and mind respectively) and thus the name could mean Concealed Mind or some variation there upon.

TODO: deities names in chronomancy book

info against liches? learn about phylacteries, resurrect.


TODO: felgolos help gain an entrance and occupy Frygt. hmm... they want to fly further up to avoid halos entirely... need to put basic sanity on it.

TODO: ursula dispel like 8th level spell to MAYBE disable the egg.
TODO: dwarven history book for GW.
TODO: mooseweaver has awful monster voice (smeagolweaver)

Try to scry on her? (hard: vs mindblank)
Successful scry: Talk about a skull pyramid deep underground, blue fogged figure, stepping up.

Research into burial grounds?


### Diana (Arch-Mage War Magic Wizard 15)
[[diana]]

#### Post-demogorgon actions
Invites party to a meal.

"according to our analysis, the attack of demogorgon would have been successful if it were not from a single source of radiant damage."
Now, we do not mean to diminish the endeavors of anyone in this battle, but praise is required here; "Goatweaver; we owe you so much."
Honorary Arch-Mage title given to [[goatweaver]].

Serious note: if they are to keep facing daemon lords, they ought to learn about their weaknesses. "We will be gathering our most gifted students and start a research task force dedicated to gathering all the lore we have of these demons, so that we will have the most of an advantage as possible. This one seemed to almost ignore fire/lightning and cold. If the rest have other strengths, we should know about them."



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[ursula]: ../npcs/ursula "Ursula"
[hanir]: ../pcs/hanir "Hans Irel"
[diana]: ../npcs/diana "Diana"
[goatweaver]: ../pcs/goatweaver "Goatweaver"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
