# Silver Helix
An ancient organisation with ties to the `Emerald Enclave`.

## Rumors
"their word faded from the word of mouth as the effects of the sundering, and the fall of the netherese empire came and went, without any accellerating global deterioration, but their leaders still maintain the organisation, operated out of Gulthmere, below the sea of fallen stars".

## Overview
> goal: destroy/distort the information about ancient undead powers, so that history does not repeat itself, and that power structures in the outer planes maintain their balance.
> members: high ranking champions of celestials, emmisaries from outer planes (hell, gehanna, ysgard, elysium, limbo), high ranking druids, one seelie court member
> stance on undead: heavily anti. lost their most powerful leader and a large part of the eastern land to an undead scourge hundreds of years ago. anything touched by undeath inevitably corrupts.
> stance on dragons: heavily in favour of; breeds them, uses them as powerful emissaries, infiltrators of high society to naturally seed trust in them as advisors and allies. the dragons' loyalties to the silver helix will inevitably yield good returns trade, and standing.
> long standing goal: figure out what happened to [[felgolos]]
> recent goal: investigate the death of a blue dragon `Chorom` in Neverwinter; current insights imply undead influence, but there is also a group of adventurers who were found tampering with his hideout; motivation likely positive, but would like to clear out.
> ongoing goal: track the movement of the demon lords, learn of their origin.
> current goal: investigate the corruption of the waters in dragon lake. undead spotted on the outskirts of Cormyr, dispatched by Zaehesh

**Membership**: High level power. Understanding of planar politics, local political influence.
**Goals**: Unity among the planes; natural order to everything, they are a guiding hand towards peaceful coexistence and cooperation. Not above using subterfuge and deception to get a goal accomplished.
**Secrecy**: Trust likely to be eroded if people knew it was "arguably undermining" public free thought. They are afraid of the mages scrying eyes and as such have magic free zones. Some of them are actively met with. Diana latest from sword coast. Previously Pre-Celerom arch-mage from Arcane Brotherhood.
**Tensions**: Dhaikhezzish focus on the material planes is not universally welcomed. He has maintained many city-of-brass style ideals of what is reasonable for trade that feels outdated today. He talks a bigger game on unity when not dealing with the city. Due to its size and sphere of influence, it is often ignored.

## Members
Magnus Incalesco: `Dhaikhezzish The Incandescent` (sultan of the efreet from plane of fire)
Magnus Ambulos: [[Andraste]]
Magnus Arbor: `Emmantiensien` (from [[seelie-court]])
Nobilis Argentum: `Adalon`
Nobilis Aurochalcinus: [[felgolos]]
Nobilis Sapphyrus: `Chorom`
Nobilis Aurum: `Aerosclughpalar`

## Allies
### Waterdeep
No dragons allowed in waterdeep because of the ward.
But [[jarlaxle]] occasionally trades information about them for safe harbour of [[bregan-daerthe]].

### Luskan
`Arabeth Raurym` (pre-celerom overwizard of tower arcane, south tower) - now dead

### Neverwinter
`Chorom` - Adult Blue Dragon undercover as a wizard at the peak of [[castle-never]].

### Icewind Dale
`Adalon` (undercover Draco Nobilis Argentum). High Chancellor of Icewind Dale.
His "family" always rules, settles disputes, barbarians/goliaths somehow never attack the city. Only room for so many though, population stable for the past century. Run it like jarl's city in skyrim.
It's Adalon the 5th now. He's 1200 yo. He has vast knowledge.
He fought Arklem once when he tried to raise heroes of the city.

### Baldurs Gate
`Aerosclughpalar` - in the form of a druid. He is seen as the socrates of baldur's gate.
Knows all the leaders, can manipulate, and can debate.
https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Aerosclughpalar

### Stormguard
[[felgolos]] agreed to influence the giants, but he has not responded back in ages, presumed dead, or not wanting to be found.

## Knowledge
They know of Irae + Arklem, but not where they are hiding. Scrying does not work.
Adalon has seen Arklem firsthand.
They serve as first defenses against cities. Know that with dragons in place, the demon lords are going to face stiff competition => likely next target == Neverwinter.

They know about Baba Yaga.
Leader knows about the prophecy of Kiaransalee.
Adalon knows about Maerimydra.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[felgolos]: ../npcs/felgolos "Felgolos"
[Andraste]: ../pcs/andraste "Andraste"
[seelie-court]: ../deities/seelie-court "Seelie Court"
[jarlaxle]: ../npcs/jarlaxle "Jarlaxle"
[bregan-daerthe]: bregan-daerthe "Bregan D'aerthe"
[castle-never]: ../north/castle-never "Castle Never"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
