# Undying Soul
Faction that worships [[kiaransalee]].

## Rumors/Lines
- "the undying soul changes everything" (liches doomed before, but now, can self-sustain)
- "they brought demon lords to toril, do you really want to fuck with them?"

## Prophecy
In books about the divine realms of the dark seldarine:

The aligned three avenges that which came before. They shall become the true harbingers of the long peace. Through all means necessary, the errors of the past shall be corrected, and through conflict, peace will return. So sayeth the revenancer.
> Nothing is as powerful than that which returns having avenged.

Slashes indicate translation issues from undercommon. Peace and stability is the same word in undercommon.

### Prophecy Goal
Felgolos, Arklem, Irae must be present/die in the room of Kiaransalee.

## Motivation
**Goal**: Unending life, unending peace. Irae can make it happen. High ranks have power. Raise all they can. Start with the shadowfell. Mind control important people. At a certain point they will have critical mass and can start taking on the [[silver-helix]].
**Possible goal**: Have [[koth]] reclaim [[neverwinter]]. Valindra?
**Temporary goal**: Protect [[velddrinnsshar]] from party.
**Membership**: Recruitment of the best of the best by extremely secretive liches. You don't get to choose not to say yes. Geas / mind control / death are usual results.
**Organisation**: Irae + Arklem runs the show. He is the facilitator + invisible hand, she is the only one with the power to use Kiaransalee's artifacts.
**Secrecy**: Need to build the eradicator in velddrinnsshar, and amass an army big enough for it to not be stoppable.
**Tension** A lot of very powerful liches working for the same goal, all fit for leadership role. [[koth]] is not a pet on a leash, but an extremely intelligent ancient being.


## Members
- Grand Extender [[arklem]] (diseased)
- Righteous Hand and Supreme Matron (ilharess alur) [[irae]] (part of Kiaransalee)
- Vindicator `Valindra` (part of Kiaransalee)
- Shadow King [[larloch]] (part of Kiaransalee)
- High Psion [[koth]]
- Stormlord [[umnos]] (diseased)
- Expositor [[zaehesh]] (diseased)
- Hypnotist [[mordai-vell]] (diseased)

## Early Developments
- Works with [[larloch]] in [[irithyll]] and learns from his research
- Arklem becomes a Lich >700 y, ago.
- [[valindra]] starts the arcane brotherhood in 800DR
- Takes over the Arcane Brotherhood after [[valindra]] in 950DR
- Safekeeps Egg of Galadaeros after the defeat of Kiaransalee.
- [[valindra]] works on dracolich tech in Neverwinter
- Arklem takes over [[irithyll]] and starts populating it with raised heroes + demons
- Resurrects Akkhan for his energy -> fails.
- Manipulates relationship between dwarves and giants, to try to get in with fire giants
- Broker a peace with [[umnos]]
- Conspire with drow priestess disloyal to Lolth; [[irae]], make her a lich.
- Work with `Valindra` in Neverwinter to enslave an aboleth and use it to harness mindcontrol

## Late developments
- Tether [[mordai-vell]] to [[koth]] and slowly corrupt dragon's influence in [[neverwinter]]
- [[irae]] sequesters [[umnos]], opens the spine, and unleashes demon lords
- [[irae]] steals staff in [[gilgrin-vault]], puts matriarch boss in place
- [[arklem]] + [[irae]] heads to pit of hatred - channels spine to trap Orcus and steal his wand
- Party defeats [[mordai-vell]] after losing two members in shadowfell
- [[irae]] unleashes [[wd-demogorgon]] - steals scythe blade with Time Stop
- [[irae]] sends Yeenoghu to [[luskan]]
- [[arklem]] destabilizes [[arcane-brotherhood]] + steals egg
- [[irae]] returns as an undercover angel, convinces [[celerom]] to keep undead
- [[irae]] brings back [[umnos]], controls him with [[koth]] and gives him Blackrazor
- Party defeats [[umnos]] and closes the spine; demon lords not controllable.
- [[irae]] + [[arklem]] baits [[felgolos]] into shadowfell for his kids, doing a slow drain there
- Party defeats bone city, discovers [[irae]]'s behind the scenes work, fixes [[celerom]]
- [[irae]] starts rituals to summon [[kiaransalee]], needs 3 ancient souls
- (had plenty of weeks here while party was in city of brass)
- Betrays `Valindra` and use her soul to power ritual
- Takes [[larloch]]'s soul
- Captures [[felgolos]]; planned 3rd soul
- [[arklem]] has his phylactery destroyed (cannot be used for summoning)
- [[felgolos]] converted to a dracolich to have his soul extracted
- [[irae]] sacrificed as final soul instead of [[felgolos]]
- [[kiaransalee]] rose

## Goals
- ~~Re-animate, and kill the Raven Queen, to~~ raise Kiaransalee
- Slowly convert the living into an army of the dead

## Headquarters
[[velddrinnsshar]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[kiaransalee]: ../deities/kiaransalee "Kiaransalee"
[silver-helix]: silver-helix "Silver Helix"
[koth]: ../npcs/koth "Koth M'gog"
[neverwinter]: ../north/neverwinter "Neverwinter"
[velddrinnsshar]: ../east/velddrinnsshar "V'elddrinnsshar"
[arklem]: ../npcs/arklem "Arklem Greeth"
[irae]: ../npcs/irae "Irae T'sarran"
[larloch]: ../npcs/larloch "Larloch"
[umnos]: ../npcs/umnos "Fracto-Nimbuli"
[zaehesh]: ../npcs/zaehesh "Zaehesh"
[mordai-vell]: ../npcs/mordai-vell "Mordai Vell"
[irithyll]: ../east/irithyll "Irithyll"
[valindra]: ../npcs/valindra "Valindra"
[gilgrin-vault]: ../spine/gilgrin-vault "Gilgrin Vault"
[wd-demogorgon]: ../waterdeep/wd-demogorgon "Waterdeep Siege"
[luskan]: ../north/luskan "Luskan"
[arcane-brotherhood]: arcane-brotherhood "Arcane Brotherhood"
[celerom]: ../npcs/celerom "Celerum"
[felgolos]: ../npcs/felgolos "Felgolos"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
