# Baldur's Gate

Ancient city constantly plagued by wars and cultist from questionable deities.
Tried to become more democratic in later years, but the council bears the remnants of that history.

Currently run by an almost military-like council of 5 members (2 chancellors, 2 advisors, 1 executive general) with various ties to the `Flaming Fist`.
Mostly human city.
Biggest trade is military power, with a large troop dispatched to `Amn` to protect trade between the coast.
Hindi name generator.

## Flaming Fist
Mercenary group actively recruiting, and easy to inspire to arms should any danger present itself.
Due to past history, likely to strike first.

## Council
- General: `Chakravarti Naidu` M
- Chancellor `Sooraj Leighlin` M (Errinwright)
- Chancellor `Aaina Bhavalakar`
- Adisors: `Vaeros`, `Diana`, various Flaming Fist commanders

### Chakravarti
Referred to as General Naidu.
Not his job to offer opinions, just pick best decision. Will occasionally reveal his emotions about a decisions while making them. Aguments meant to sway him. He is the decider in ties.
Unfortunatly, he tends to favour `Sooraj` in ties unless arguments are amazing.
Browner skin-tone, with a bit of a pinkish undertone.

### Aaina
aaa-Ina. Smart, savy. Protects herself, but the only one averse to war.
Woman in a long teal silk sari, with a golden sash (diagonally), and an extremely elaborate diamond neckace (forming fractal pattern around her neck). She is probably in her 50s, early 60s. Hard to tell from her face as she greets you with a forced smile, she looks great, but her long dark hair wrapped up in ponytail has enough frayed whites to reveal her age.

### Sooraj
Pale. Thick black hair, swept upwards. In his 40s.
Black admirals coat with numeros gold bands with little gold threaded arches dipping from them, and numerous gold banded ornamentations on his sleeve and sholders.
Secretly working for [[silver-helix]] via Valindra.

## Taverns
### Low Lantern
P30 descent from avernus. Top floor ?, Tavern deck below (4 tables + 1 room),  lounge deck below that (4 small tables, cushion, bar), guest quarters at bottom (4 sleeping room 1 suite). Spartan, but renovated.

### Joe's Crab Shack
Battle your meal, or pay to watch. Small underground ring.
Connected to the thieves guild.

## Villa
Path to sewers where you can find cultists.
Owned by who?


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[silver-helix]: ../factions/silver-helix "Silver Helix"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
