# Candlekeep
Rock fortress overlooking the sea.
p46 descent avernus.

Preserve predictions of Alaundo the Seer, a singular sage whose prophecies have proved correct.
Candlekeep became a haven for both the veneration of his prophecies and the accumulation of all knowledge. If there's a secret to be learned, the clues to finding it can probably be found in Candlekeep.

Price of admittance; book, one not contained in the monks' library.

## Defenses
Mages. 1d4 mages + 1 archmage. If that fails, 1d4 more archmages.

## Leader
High Overseer Thavius Kreeg of Elturel
cooperating with Advisor Sooraj in Baldur's Gate

## Mages
- [[celerom]] is now part of the order of monks there.
- Sylvira (expert on magical puzzles)

## Events
Advisor Aaina from [[baldursgate]] visit to learn about the demonic attacks and related prophecies.

## Lore Kiaransalee / Orcus
Tells of the links beween the Undead Tanar'ri (dominant demon race in the abyss, servants of Orcus, vrock, balor, mariliths, etc) and Kiaransalee.
Knows she was a lichdrow necromancer-queen from another plane.
Rose in ranks during silence of Lolth (lolth not granting powers for 50y).
Upon her death, she was made an unwilling vassal of Lolth before/until her death.
Took over Orcus' realm in afterlife.

The destruction of the main demon lords is therefore a step on the way to her resurrection.
"When the great three fall,

## Lore Irithyll
City of the Dead. Previously Larloch.
No flying.

## Lore Arklem?
Famous liches; Bhekrogic, Szass Tam (Regent of Thay), Larloch (the shadow king), Aumvor the Undying (fat netherese), Shoon VII (calimsham ruler)

Velsharoon/Mellifleur god of Necromancy

## Lore Prophecy
can find info on [[undying-soul]] prophecy.
"the revenancer, obviously talking about the lady of the undead, drow necromancer queen that became so powerful she gifted favoured drow with existence as undead. revenge portfolio, very niche, but not not a minor deity, she had big reach with the drow who were disenfranchised by lolth. so presumably the males that were able to escape"
show symbol of [[kiaransalee]] (ring finger)

"actually kind of sinister"
"implies stability/peace after conquest or brute force"

"anyway, the brunt of this prophecy, or at least the common interpretation of it, is that this is kiaransalee prophesizing her return."
"what's more contentious here of course being the aligned three, presumably someone aligned with her, undead, or drow?

## Lich Info
Nothing on Arklem.
But can find basics about [[valindra]] (where to search; Neverwinter).

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[celerom]: ../npcs/celerom "Celerum"
[baldursgate]: baldursgate "Baldur's Gate"
[undying-soul]: ../factions/undying-soul "Undying Soul"
[kiaransalee]: ../deities/kiaransalee "Kiaransalee"
[valindra]: ../npcs/valindra "Valindra"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
