# Bone City
Fresh city off the Cormyr coast.
Abandoned and now quickly filled with undead from Luskan with help of the Herald

Vampire of Kiaransalee.

## Intro
Day of the Dead style intro
Festival really. Stereotypical depictions of undeath. Make-up. Grey artificial hair color on vampires (who don't have to have it.)
They interrupt, combat, then [[celerom]] threads in and pardons them with an item. NB: if such an item exists, it can only be manufactured by Liches.

## Purpose
- Show players that the undead are being repurposed
- Reintroduce Celerom and allow players to debate good and evil with him

## Chief Herald
Herald of Undeath CC218 CR11.
Taking orders from Irae. Giving orders to puppet cities. This is one of those.
He's the main cemetary raiser who brought most of Luskan to a nearby skeleton puppet city.

## Religion
Priestess of Kiaransalee https://www.pinterest.co.uk/pin/594756694514707123/ ?
Leading into it is a Spirit Lamp CC349 (soulless lamb holder, illuminating the path)

## Leader
Erevain Redleaf. Elven heme-vampire. Doesn't need oxygen to breathe. Can walk to the bottom of Dragon Lake with a backpack of rocks on. Fully on board with Celerom's plan. He's seen empires come and go for too long.
https://www.pinterest.co.uk/pin/351843789641889247/

Sells vampire adrenaline. Injection as a bonus action (if primed). Grants one extra action immediately but must make a DC20 CON save or take 1d2 levels of exhaustion. Repeat use increases DC by 5. DC resets to 20 after long night.

## Town Cries - Headless Horsemelon
- "The arch mage is still here to support you. Do not be alarmed. Things will feel normal again."
- "Feeling post-death stress?" (PDSD) "Please join us at the mausoleum and we will fix you."

## Undead hospital
Mostly dealing in bone fractures. Bones/blood from conjure woodland animals.

## NPCs
Captain of the Guards. Fierstjerren; CR5 CC157

## Undead intelligence
- Skeletons quite dumb (cow like)
- Zombie
- Ghouls bouncers
- EVERY ANIMAL, DRAGONS
- Constructs; Bone Golem CC195 CR7
- Vampires (smart)
- Liches (highest leadership, need a soul farm, angers devils)

Vampires are a bit more of a fan of fresh blood. Philosophiclaly dull to live a perfect live.
This lich is a nice guy, but spending eternity together kind of guy?

- Deathwisp (silvan heritage skeleton) CR7 TOB72
- Grim Jester TOB240 CR11 (stats for horseman?) (like the DMC3 joker, but skeletal, needs jokes!)
- Rusalka in river (will kiss and reveal love, but only a weird desire to pull you under the water and drown you) TOB331
- Skeleton Vine Troll (CR9 TOB351) - could be a funny troll toll take

## Soul Farm
Two buildings outside the city.
Monstrosities exist within.
Elophar CR4; CC149
Kulmking CR9 CC244
Nachzehrer CR8 CC272
Corpse Mound TOB69 CR11

## Attacks on Cities
Celestials attacking? Need Gate summoning with true name?
Fallen angel might know the name of a celestial (faey knows hans)

## Heme-pires
City of self-sustaining vampires. Put in place by Irae?

### TODO: orcus inspiration
take inspiration of orcus's ship

## Sources
https://old.reddit.com/r/dndmaps/comments/igdcfo/saint_vol_city_of_the_vampire_lord/

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[celerom]: ../npcs/celerom "Celerum"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
