# V'elddrinnsshar
> Veldrin + shar == concealment + mind

City in the centre of the Moondeep Sea (AKA beneath Lake of Dragons in Cormyr in my setting).

TODO: island on the Lake of Dragons, sheer drop tunnel down.
(flying carpet perhaps)
st michael's mount style island in the middle of the lake. Glorious perched atop?
Perhaps the black marble temple is atop?
Perhaps some light/dark symbolism?
Actually only available in the shadowfell.

Other path from [[irithyll]] two way teleport to below.

Look ideas in area-art:
- https://www.pinterest.co.uk/pin/858991328908429121/
- https://www.pinterest.co.uk/pin/531565562261595488/

Can do a big undead city.. City of Seyna map..

## Ashes of Ariandel
Base on Ashes of Ariandel DS3.
Acropolis in shadowfell.
-  Tower with bowman; Siege weapon like bowman causing havoc.
-  Millwood knights (proper fighters from the past)

In the past? Initially, where they can meet young Irae? Not really the past, but a painted world / demiplane.
They can get clues about backstory, and then guardians of time stopping them from fucking up the past?

Really don't ahve to base it so hard on that look though, just the geeral idea.

## Environmental idea
Guards and Wards spell (vs non-undead / all with password: vertebrazen).
Fog filled corridors, strong illusion towards wrong directions (hard to interpret).
Stairs with Web everywhere.
Arcane Lock on all doors.
Then:
2x Stinking Clouds or 2x Magic Mouth (invitations to doom rooms)

## Acropolis of Thanatos
A black marble temple. A temple devoted to the worship of the [[kiaransalee]].

Stood in a lake-filled cavern with its ceiling covered with thousands of skulls, atop a spire of white stone that held a set of spiraling stairs guarded by boneclaws.

A brooding block of black marble veined with red, filled with misshapen corridors, windows, and gaping doorways. Many of the stairs trickled with what seemed to be rancid fat and many of the rooms had their walls covered in murals depicting gruesome scenes painted with dried blood.

Take some inspiration from Arach-Tinilith.
https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Arach-Tinilith

### Sleeping
Dream Wraiths. CC135 CR5

## Felgolos Shapeshifted
?? See [[felgolos]] - TODO: seed

## Sorcer Relics
Spider familiar tracking them.

## Technology
Can feature netherese like tech here if it's foreshadowed.
TODO: Irae needs to maintain a spell to maintain an aura of civiliration to prevent the undead from being chaotic.

## Goal
TODO: Defeat Irae and the liches to end union?
TODO: Summon Kiaransalee to usurp Irae

## EBA: Trials
Maybe follow Auril's Temple trials? P208
Blessing of Kiaransalee; Immunity to Necrotic on DC22 CON SAVE.

### Enemies
- Flying Polyp CR11 CC162
- Ghost Dragon CR11 CC170
- Ghost Dwarf CR6 CC171
- Many Ghoul variants in CC172...
- Bloog Giants CR8 CC180 (great snipers + obscurers - tactical + they know them)
- Gloomflowers CC188 CR3 (good for triggering visions)
- Doom Golem CC197 CR10
- Skull Lord MTF 230 CR15

## History
The Crones obtained a voidstone, and placed it within the Acropolis in order to sustain a gate to the Shadowfell, to summon an army of undead.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[irithyll]: irithyll "Irithyll"
[kiaransalee]: ../deities/kiaransalee "Kiaransalee"
[felgolos]: ../npcs/felgolos "Felgolos"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
