# Mirror Temple

## Temple Entrance
Planar gate to the mirror-world where [[umberlee]] resides

- Hergatha's elemental powers along with Wave as a conduit causes havoc inside Hjarka – who also houses an arachomental.
- Hergatha is ultimately dead, but her powers linger on in the border planes.
- Together they unlock elemental potential within Hjarka.
- "We are Hergatha We are Ogremoch" ??
- NB: She should also be trying to put down elementals...
- NB: To get wave2 she needs to actually worship Umberlee..

### Intro
She'll see Cameroon in the mirror stuck on the other side
- "How did you get into this mirror?" "Pretty sure you're the one in the mirror"
- "I was just walking around this ancient temple taking a selfie #blessed".

 ### Exploration
- Dark blue vines crawl up from the wall. Magical blue torches light in your vicinity. Mirrors everywhere.
- Red teleport spheres crossing scary ground. Last one lifting you up 100 feet. Some dropping you 50.
- Doors slamming behind you.
- Large statue of Umberlee lighting up.
- Large mirror you're being sucked into at the end.
- No enemies before you're sucked in.
- Maybe friends stuck on other side?

### Twist
When she get sucked in there's red crystals floating in the air. The blue vines now extrude from the surfaces of wall, wriggling with red light.
Runes visible on the walls. All torches now lit. The temple has taken on a darker tone.
Mirror entrances shut, metallic feel to them. One eye emblazoned into the closed mirror. Smaller statues of hergatha visible?

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[umberlee]: ../deities/umberlee "Umberlee"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"