# Kiaransalee
> The Wailing Banshee / The Revenancer
Vengeful scythe wielding drow. Cruel, twisted, went insane ages ago.

Never trusted anyone else to do justice to her vision, so she settled problems for herself.

Once a mortal priestess, Kiaransalee is reputed to have returned from death driven by the power of her own spite to slay her rivals with an army of undead.

Lolth was so impressed by her spite that she exalted Kiaransalee to divinity, letting her return time and again to slay those newborn drow whose newly-woven souls smelled of her enemies - which, ultimately, must be all drow. To stave off her depredations, drow burn incense or meat in hopes of masking the scent of their newborns, their sickly, or their warriors. In this way she is also an embodiment of the Matron Mother's driven daughter, always looking for weakness and desperate to defeat her rivals.

While drow fear Kiaransalee, she is a reminder that failure comes at a cost, and that strength can be found by punishing betrayal or failure.

## History
Took over the east, and rendered it corrupted. 700 years ago. We don't know too much of her upbringing and rise to power. She was originally a priestess of lolth, but had a falling out and branched out to the eastern empire, where she

Summoned undead through the shadowfell in the acropolis in [[velddrinnsshar]] using an artifact called the voidstone. Such summoning was too powerful to go did not go unnoticed. Mages far and wide were unable to face her, but a series of divine champions eventually banded together and defeated her. Due to their power, the voidstone was used by Kiaransalee to power her scythe rendering it extremely dangerous.

NB: s/voidstone/Egg of Galadaeros/g

## Clergy
Orderly regimented cells of drow clerics (necromancers often) in enclaves. Heavy on persecution, autocratic. High ranking clerics given priestesses to deal with nay-sayers. Many were liches, many with ties to Thay.

Larynda Telenna high priestess. In Vault of Gnashing Teeth beneath Vaasa (frozen wasteland).

## Legion of Vengeful Banshees
Banshee knights stationed at Acropolis of Thanatos.
Still guarding her

## Graverending
Single annual holy day of the faith. Celebrated each midwinter Eve. Each cleric travel to a nearby village outside their control and in the midst of night, raise as many undead as they can to increase their ranks.
Due to the stealthy aspect of this operation, the date varies each year.

## Prophecy
A continent of undeath, is a continent without suffering.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[velddrinnsshar]: ../east/velddrinnsshar "V'elddrinnsshar"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
