# Umberlee
Lee is a tiamat strength creature, controlling an equally powerful Kraken.
She ascended through Yog (kraken is a sun of an old one).
Yog allows her to command the kraken like that as long as she helps expand the sea.

## Motivation
Wants to expand the water connection to increase her sphere of influence. Told Hjarka to place Wave under 3 distinct points of the sword coast to break apart the continent.

## Looks
Semi-specral woman. Long hair floating in the wind like it's under water. (Eris from Sinbad)
Maybe have them meet underwater where she's massive as well. Then shrink down in an air bubble.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ppyu8H7Xbs

## Patrons
- [[hjarka]] - ascended in [[35-temple-of-the-queen]]
- old [[hanir]] is a failed cleric; Lee rejected him

## Motivation
Wants a champion to break up Toril. Starting with the sword coast. She wants a world of islands so people will have to worship her.
Will charge up your little force cubes.

### Moray interaction
Lines from [[moray]].

People in this world have lost touch with the sea. Only old sailors still respect my powers. The people at land. They call me the bitch queen. How moronic. Just because a woman controls the weather and the people are too stupid to make the simplest call for guidance (offerings at temple, gems, keeping water flowing, magic infusion), they blame me for running into storms they could have avoided and missed clear signs of their formation (consult parts of her weave). As a consequence my powers suffer.

- I need you to channel my energy, through wave, at particular fracture points in the torils crust. We shall break apart the continent and bring upon a new era.
- Beneath the high ice by the frozen sea
- Underneath the spine of the world where fire giants harness the powers of toril
- To the south east of high forest

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[hjarka]: ../pcs/hjarka "Hjarka"
[35-temple-of-the-queen]: ../recaps/35-temple-of-the-queen "35-temple-of-the-queen"
[hanir]: ../pcs/hanir "Hans Irel"
[moray]: ../seaofbones/moray "Moray"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
