# Evermoors
Where they pop up after [[blindgenstone]] after [[20-surface]]. Near [[plume]].

## Travel Encounter
Along the way an area is scorched.
Barghest + 4 swarms bees

## Monk's Monastery
He'll be able to learn some cool homebrew monk move there if he goes.
Location: Large mountain in highforest up the dessarin river.

"we've locked up your bagpipe." (WS practiced it too much)
"did you retrieve the scroll of truth?"
Monastery where crops are failing the grasslands around is barrend and the ground feels hot.

Stay with us and train.
Trained by `Hay Leng` Drifter monk (metabot).

Makes easy sequences first. Jumps out of combat. Then Patient defense.
Moderate sequence later. Rushing or Singular jab depending on distance. (uses bonus action)
Remember to add the comboes when not sequence breaking.
Advanced last. Calamitous strike. (uses flurry – cannot take middle).

Knowledge for Warlock? Probe into locations.
Older bearded monk. Hocren Clanhorn. Aasimar. They only see the yellow shining eyes.

**Description**:
https://forums.unrealengine.com/filedata/fetch?id=1154911&d=1436067336
http://www.art-spire.com/wp-content/gallery/decembre_2010/01-12-10_peter_popken/peter_popken_08.jpg

Monks there are generally peaceful and want a quiet existence.
They have tons of knowledge about the cloud giants because their existence

## EBA: White Plume Bounty Hunters
Weaklings who tough talk and want to steal shit.
4 Bandits 1 Captain.

Boss: Blake Ross
Hugo + Charles + Cameron + Aron

- "Kerarptis?"
- "You sure are carrying a lot of coin for someone who doesn't know anything."

Set it up as an easy aside. Bandits that will squeal when they realize they're fucked.

- "Look mate, we're only trying to find information."
- "We need to find Keraptis."
- "We're here to retrieve an extremely valuable item for our lord X who's somehow had it stolen." GIVE THEM NOTE. Talk about it.

"Sentences go up at the end. Laik, alraight mait. Righ-(t). No wai. Ia luv Dæt hæt

Maybe they can just attack them? And ask if they like stealing valuable treasure. Then when they fail to overwhelm they give them the information?

They know about white plume, but they know about demons as well. They want to find people in the area. More likely targets.

## EBA: Wild Barbarians
Wild barbarians needs help getting rid of two weak* giants.
Barbarian MO: cleaning out Orcs / trading with Luskan.
In the camp they have food, but also some items that they are meant to deliver to the Blue Shadow. 2 casks of healing juice from waterdeep (10 potions).
Giant MO: squatting their place. A small abandoned castle where they are currently plundering. They're not smart, but wise in battle. Will wreck the place and several barbs during the process. Counter attacks on reactions.
Plundering for cloud giants, tax of the land. They can alternatively tail them back up the spine of the world.
Barb stats: AC15, ~lvl4ish? Rage. 40HP. 5 of them. 1d8+2 dmg, 2 attacks.

## Where to go from here
### Waterdeep
Knowledge if they get there. Gael will have to research, but can find data on Fracto-Nimbuli.
Jarlaxle will know about Kiaransalee.

Hooking involvement...
They need to understand how they fit together..
Jarlaxle can understand the motivation of Ilvara (glad you killed that bitch).


### Fracto-Nimbuli
located in the Spine of the World above Lurkwood. Hiigh high up along treacherous mountain paths. Cloud giant entrance.
Rumored to contain a path down to Menzo. Their fortresses run deep with various types of giants. Cloud and storm at the top (even further up). Storm giant vault is supposed to contain all the legendary treasure from lost aeons. World altering magic items.

If anyone had the potential to unleash crazy stuff upon the world. They'd certainly be one of them. If any place is worthy of an inspection that'd be it. You just have to find someone crazy enough to do it.

### Kieransalee / Veldrin
Supposedly dead necromancer drow. Only Gael will be able to dig up info on her. Cults are known.
Acropolis suggested by Gael. They may be able to dig up a map.
Where Citadel Felbarr normally is (north of Nether Mountains).
No one dares to go there because there are still zombies and little reason to be there. This probably hasn't stopped adventurers before. Full of items from the old necromancers therein, or a bunch of cultists.

### Illithid Place
Info can be found throughout sensible places. Duergar cities, derro, Kua-toans maybe.
Not well known on the surface. But they are aware of them as myths. Beasts ruled by a single hive mind. A mind that's been alive for centuries. What secrets it would know.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[blindgenstone]: ../underdark/blindgenstone "Blingdenstone"
[20-surface]: ../recaps/20-surface "20-surface"
[plume]: plume "Whiteplume Mountain"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
