# Goat Village
Small smoke signals up on the horizons. Farmlands. Sheep, goats.

## Development
- Arel killed
- Goat stew given to Moraga
- Remaining villagers evacuated to [[waterdeep]]

## Village
Villagers annoyed at Kobolds for stealing goats. hates kobolds
"They've brought such misery upon us since they arrived. Two of our kids disappeared."
"We're strong, but not strong enough to take down a [[kobold-lair]]."
One pregnant.

- Ornold
- Hames
- Hilda
- Mery

## Reward
Plate to stay + food and shelter.

## Children
Town elder. Lyndon. Straw in tooth.
Last seen playing a field.
"We've lived peacefully here for generations, mister."
"Cleric? Recent 5months. She studied up in Luskan. Tired of the city life. Wanted to help us out, bless her heart."
"Kobolds first seen two months ago."
"Goat disappeared little after that."
"Kids disappeared one month ago."
"One was 6 another, 10, and one was 12 years old."

## Arelle Confronted about food
"It's a bit of magic really. Pick the finest grass and throw one our signature enchantments on it."
"We do this everywhere in Luskan to our livestock."
"It's a bit like good berry."

DC15 insight => she's being a bit short with her answers, slightly uncomfortable by this line of questioning.

"Why would want animal feed? It's not intended for humans."
"Where are you taking it?"

She can be persuaded to pick up a barrel from below. Will try to make them wait outside.
"Will you please wait outside while I prepare it, it's still a bit of a secret."
Blood choke curse on most objectionable person. (But make it non-trivial to identify the source.)

**If they don't leave**, she'll lure them down below and she'll fight them.

## Arelle fight
Downstairs is like witch's place in divinity2 - Treated Like Cattle Quest (Divinity Original Sin 2)
Large barrels, almost like wine cellar. Multiple rats across. Large cauldron brewing and dark smoke.
Chamber just filled with blood. Improv it..

Mostly straight attacks, misty step to whomever she likes, claw + drink.
Maybe invis if she's doing too well.
Cloudkill also thematic. Make room big enough for 20ft sphere to dissappate after one round.
Call the blood: rupturing arteries on a GW.
Face peel on grappled: DC17 dex or 8d6+10 slashing

## Treasure
Wand with 5 charges of Fear

**If they leave**, she'll return with a fake barrel and MM one of them to make them think it's believable.
**If they kill her and take the real food: they can take it to the dragon for reward**.
But they'll know the food is made out of people.

## Thoughts
You sense an eerie level of contentment and interest that is unexpected from the way she is projecting herself.
Whisper: "There is a hidden part of her in which you sense a deep seething malevolence."
Immediate MM reaction to make him forget with a whisper.
If they push her away. She invises and moves into cellar. Undetected without check. They'll find her there hiding later.

## Belgian blue style goats
Secret sauce? Arelle. Village cleric is feeding them powerfood she enhances.
She pretends it's goodberry.

## Arelle Hut
If they go there to seek her out she'll show them a bunch of barrels of fish/bloodgrass, looking quite ordinary.
Young blue haired elf. Apprenticeship. Pretend hippy.
Serves "Selune".
Felt the sword was compelling. Wanted the book. Wanted the sword. But hid it well.

Can cast false life (don't say the name) gives 1d4 +4temp hp 1h.
Actually just modifying memory on them to think they received healing.
**Pre-game wis saves**
Blood hag . ToB242
Summon baby skeletons.

Secret lab downstairs. If they try to enter.
She's chopped up the kids.

## Goat food
Con save. Temporary hunger for grass and wanting to lick slab of salt.
The more you eat the more salt you want to have on this meat.
You feel powerful. +1 str.
Permanent: On fear: must bullrush (if in range) then fear save: or wis save vs. Paralyze for one round.

Weregoat. Ramming Charge (Charge Feat)

## NPCS
### Lyndon Devereux
Has been to Moonshae.

### Discarded
Tyrant Goat. Hjallarhorn from Goat Giant.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[waterdeep]: ../waterdeep/waterdeep "Waterdeep"
[kobold-lair]: kobold-lair "Moraga's Lair"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
