# Andraste
Elven horizon walker.
https://www.dndbeyond.com/profile/apriltuesday/characters/43082120

## Backstory
related to Natalya (ex champion of the realm), acquired one or two of her magic items as inheritance (siblings perhaps got others, or some left elsewhere)

She is a high ranking member of [[silver-helix]]

https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/andraste--BEYtxVCb0LNnPDp4Y2~uHqjPAg-lwI59UrVo1EwGobHkLMl5
Shared this with her about the helix:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tg2QJWJf-hquh2r4jF4tGkl0fKah3-E2iMe1MWVBtaY/edit

## Silver Helix Missions
Have seen an undead city made out of bone. Observed it.
Not seen any sign of liches, but the unusual undead lifespan reeks of lich magic.

## Eirik Takeover
- I saw Adalon yesterday. He has kept me updated.
- I did not realise these liches you were fighting were connected to [[kiaransalee]].
- it's an issue that is unforgettable to my family. my grandmother was alive at the time.
- my mother was orphaned at a young age as a consequence of her actions

- PERSUASION: she was fighting for Sembia at the time, with an ally from mages guild; Dyounoru/Verani was a very dynamic duo at the time.
- i would help if i hadn't had obligations to the sultan outstanding (generic excuse, she's not here)
- but there is something i can do.
- promise me, you avenge my grandmother, hands you her longbow.

## Party prior knowledge

- you would know about a powerful group of champions based in waterdeep that's been running errands for the various mages guilds with an unclear motivation
- consisting of a thiefling, an intimidating goliath, and occasionally a rogueish figure
- noticed by various thieves guilds in waterdeep, luskan and neverwinter
- selling extremely powerful artifacts on the black market
- you heard they were present in the demonlord assault on waterdeep
- then they disappeared off the radar for a while at the same time as luskan's demise from a gnoll incursion (and the party was spotted there around the same time), but a lot of thieves guild contacts vanished a that time naturally
- resurfaced in waterdeep later

## Expected damage
3 attacks (distant strike horizon walker), hunters mark x3 (+2 attack roll from archery feat), can empower one damage dice (elven accuracy feat) + 1d8 favoured enemy
3 * (1d6 + DMGBASE + 3) => 40dmg on 2d8, 51 on 3d8, 42 on 3d6

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[silver-helix]: ../factions/silver-helix "Silver Helix"
[kiaransalee]: ../deities/kiaransalee "Kiaransalee"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
