Daughter of Duke Cyrus Ravenswood
Pale, short 20yo, red hair, green eyes
She is loyal, kind and generous! Opposite a pompous noble.
Brings shame to her family through her words. How to bring this out?


Faction quests for bard?
 Family? Noble land owners with rich ties to the traders
Her love? The heir of a family her family despises.

Person she was going to be wed to? Politically advantageous to the Ravenswoods.
Why? Strengthens trading relations with Baldur’s Gate.
Who is he? Senad Sylvane? What does he look like?
Maybe trading relations with the north even?
Mirabar? Maye Gael can teleport to a wizard friend hiding in Londsaddle.


Ultimately, family will respect her actions, but will want her to at least repay her debt to the Sylvanes if she is to forfeit her marriage.
NOT TO LEAVE THE PREMISES.

WANTED ALIVE
Arabella Ravenswood
1000gp

Cyrus Ravenswood
Motivation for wanting to capture Arqarin? Selfishness. Lack of empathy. Callousness.

You see Cyrus standing in front of you.
Strong jawed face with medium longwhite straight hair, and this beautifully groomed royale beard (neat goatee + straight mustache. Wearing beautiful black ceremonial armor, and a necklace of a huge tooth around his neck.


As his brow furrows, “Arabella..”

“I don’t know how long you are going to keep doing these things to us.”

(Childishly running away from your responsibilities).
“You are a grown woman, isn’t it time you started acting like it?”


 Pro-arranged marriage:
“Going to marry someone completely outside our support system?”
“You would need to relinquish your title.”
“Well, you’ve been away for a month now, how’s your new living arrangements working out for you? What we have here does not simply appear out of nothing.”

“You disappoint me.”

If brother, maybe he can rave about him?
“I gave you life, I can take it away.” (Smashes mug on floor.).
Would apologize for this later.


XXX Ravenswood
Sympathetic mother, but she also married politically as a child.

You see a woman standing in the back. She briefly flashes you a look of relief, before resuming her expressionless gaze.

“Aqy, I’m sorry. I should’ve stood up for you.”
“Despite his menacing looks right now, please do consider his words. What will you do without our families protecting you? Roaming around with these scoundrels? They’re a lot more likely to get you killed than your father.

“I see you are playing my flute. Are you trying to follow in my footsteps and become proper bard?”
“If you do you should consult the college” / inspire her to be whisperer / glamour bard

## Side quests
If she’s by herself for a bit meet an Incubus (p285mm)

Bounty hunter capture?

4 hunters
“Experienced hunters. Dressed in powerful gear. Insignia of a the raven queen.”


## Motivation
Instrument of Illusions (common minor magic)

“I see you brought your lute. Are you trying to learn the way the bards after all?”


Later magic items

Mac-Fuirmidh Cittern (from her mother / moonshae isles)
(Cast Barkskin Cure wounds, Fog Cloud)

She knew Tony (blacksmith) where they stocked up in [[04-waterdeep-shopping]]
[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[04-waterdeep-shopping]: ../recaps/04-waterdeep-shopping "04-waterdeep-shopping"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"