# Goatweaver
Paladin of [[kavaki]].
Honorary Arch-Mage of [[mages-guild]]
Current understandee of the Book of Exalted Deeds:
- visible halo
- spell buffs, wis buff
- adv vs fiends/undead within halo
Keeper of Oathkeeper (+4 Maul, 50fire DMG on CRIT unless DC20CON)

Random properties:
- Base speed increase, psychic res, must eat/drink 6x normal amount, 20 years aged (Oathkeeper)
- Heroes Feast + Calm Emotions cast, CHA buff, religion proficiency

Can interpret the fates through the beholder churros (Augury)

## Questions
- GW: You, you are a man of god, are you not? Where does one go when you die?

## Philosophy
His arc is effectively the party trying to teach a paladin that Theological Voluntarism is a limited form of Moral Universalism.
Tweet: A low-int paladin struggling with moral universalism through divine command theory (action moral iff god commanded it) is continually confused by the ambiguities of a heaven and hell that agree on many issues.

## Augury
Based on 4 beholder eye stalks (aka the churros). Taught by Mordai, and he got it (INT check + Religion pass):

**K**: killing it (good omen)
**Ʞ**: killed (bad omen)
**X**: ??? (good and bad)
**O**: no signal (not especially good nor bad)

https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Augury#content

## Abandoned quest
### Weregoat
“You love goats you say? Exactly how much?”
“We have a proposition for you”

## Downtime 83
Learning the ways of the mages.
Can't spell magical without maul.
Learned Patch Illusion (Bad version of Minor Illusion)

### KA-VA-KI
VA-VA-KA - friend in giant
VA-VA-KI - fiend in giant
KA-VA-KI - desired

## Thaumaturgy
Can cast thaumaturgy because of Larloch's purple ring.
Reworked to have "KAVAKI" in big embossed letters on it.

## Pugweaver
Mastiff
IDEA: CANIGHT: https://i.redd.it/vtn0qgdald061.jpg
Band of Boops. Usable by Steed. Gives him 6 hour of knight service.
CR2 Knight. 44HP, 16AC. Heroism, Sanctuary, Thunderous Smite. So Stronk.

## Stagweaver
Peryton. Showed up as red. Frozen. Slightly crazier kobold voice.

## DRAGON ARMOR
eyes of dragon (blue) - solar plexus - has radiant light spell command word (with his word?)
front ice breast plate - big  (3 bobs)
back spikes
two large wings - attach wings? 1k gold
talons, 2, fangs 3, back rows of teeth - back of forearm
horns and teeth on face guard (moveable)

NB: certain dragons will see his armor as obscene..

## Future Weavers
The very friendly Hugweaver
The very friendly (as well as furry) Snugweaver
The slightly more evil Shrugweaver
And the very flat Rugweaver
Slugweaver - giant slug

## Lugweaver
Griffin (white golden feathers)

## Eagleweaver
Eagle. Going to get griffin wings at some point.

## Remorhaz
Mr Crabs has the remorhaz.
Lost at some point before Yeenaghu.

## Eric the Griffin
Derpy griffin. One eye going to its side.

## Rhinocerous - Hornweaver
celestial spirit, kind of okay with partying in town
but also a bit like "oh great, im a rhino"
went looking for a spa, got taken into the stables under the griffins
was not going to do great in the tesseract anyway.

was in waterdeep stables. he's not happy about it.
got depoofed.

## Crocodile - Crocweaver
confused at his new body
stomping after him
"i look aquatic"
lost 2ft tail from travel through palnts
athlocroc
speaks giant.

## Sabertooth Tiger - Toothweaver
Instantly destroyed inside the home of the [[skipper]] after summoning it rashly.

## Salamweaver
cold damage based reskin of salamader
https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Salamander
(cold body, cold weapons, otherwise identical)

## FUTURE NAMES
floatweaver

## Failed Quests
### A rival for GW
[[nekrina]] npc  `Zhan Ling` (a glorified uncle roger) wants to best him in a mauling game.
Bellow/Flumph. Failed to create a real rival because GW rolled amazing.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[kavaki]: ../deities/kavaki "Kavaki"
[mages-guild]: ../factions/mages-guild "Mages Guild"
[skipper]: skipper "The Skipper"
[nekrina]: ../east/nekrina "Nekrina"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
