# Hans Irel
Watchers of the Night with [[faey]] in the [[feywild]].
Goes by Hans in real world // Hanir in faeywild.

## Chronological Developments
### Hans Irel backstory
Aasimar serving under by a God, divine blood.
Rejected it many year ago. Fell, was controlled by a necromancer.
Rescued by Faey. They worked in Feywild for a while under the watchers.

Key Points:
- co-exists with past Hanir from around the time of his fall from grace
- struggles to control spells as time goes on

### Second Character (Hans)
- JG: Yound version met in [[53-wish-unleashed]]
- JG: Link to his old version revealed [[61-seer-planning]]
- JG: Young version leaves in [[73-demo-gone-gone]]

Key Points:
- chronomancy renders his magic increasingly unstable and wild
- lost all control when [[mordai]] used chronomancy
- left as a result

### Linking arc (slowly revealed over endgame)
- DM: Goes soul searching and is given the DOMT from [[dahaka]]
- DM: Hans want to pull from DOMT to get the Wish card, but resists.
- DM: Meets [[hjarka]] and is ~~infatuated~~ madly in love with her
- DM: Wants to become the champion of Umberlee
- DM: [[hjarka]] takes him toward [[moray]]
- DM: They are attacked, and his magic failures cause most of his crew to die
- DM: DOMT: **OPTIONAL** Pulls Flames to summon a Pit Fiend - [[dahaka]] arc
- DM: DOMT: Pulls 3 cards; Fool + Idiot + Donjon (imprisoned on [[moray]])
- DM: Hanir cannot draw more, leaves deck somewhere within
- DM: Hanir slowly goes insane in the [[mirror-temple]] toyed with by Umberlee
- DM: Hanir fails to become a cleric, and drops the DOMT

Key Points:
- Hjarka wants to put him on a less self-destructive path (told April)
- (thought that her at sea would be a better end for her)
- Hans spends 100 years on [[moray]] failing to avoid his fate.
- Hjarka's end depends on whether the [[dahaka]] stacks the deck against him
- reasons for his fate is [[chronomancy]] and wild magic interaction

### First Character (Hanir)
- JG: Old version met in [[33-mirror-hans]]
- JG: Old version [[34-tyrant-deception]] finds deck of many things
- JG: Old version dies in [[35-temple-of-the-queen]] after drawing Avatar of Death


## Original Past from James (somewhat rewritten above)
he fell in love with a priest of umberlee
priest of umberlee: "destiny is to become champion of umberlee"
set sail towards island

he failed the test
got angry (confusedly)
went to sleep on boat again
pulled a card
summoned a great powerful beast (~~kraken~~ Pit Fiend)
see wife brutalee murdered by the beast
he pulls more cards; halved his int - semi retarded, and drops XP

much later
woken up by the umberlee incarnate
becomes guardian of the mirror world of the world
he was there for 100 years
(never passed the test to become a cleric of umberlee)
(lived to see another warrior)

## Tying it in: Distress - Chronomancy
Music: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ms9lXWCBww
(These happened in [[73-demo-gone-gone]])

Hanir distressed with group (gw disrespect)
Wants to leave group for research. He's nervous / a bit selfish.
He knows he's going back in time, seer confirmed..
He's also got amnesia. Because Chronomancy harms him and his memory.
LAY IT ON THICK. 98 points of psychic dmg.

get ursula to request chronomancy
ursula wants to track her, needs example of time magic...
roll wild magic? + take 100+ psychic dmg, unconcious
hanir goes blank? tests on him?
"treat me as a joke", he says in your yellow coat

TODO: ursula can also use this to track her..
.. and she can learn from the writings on the page that its existence is a fluke

few strands of sheeps wool as he plane shifts out
(he needs to roll on the table on the high level spell)

## Earlier Wild Magic Effects
Chaos Magic effects: https://centralia.aquest.com/downloads/NLRMEv2.pdf
(The Net Libram of Random Magical Effects version 2.00 By Orrex)
(level + 1)^2 percent chance of chaos surge.

## Note Paradox
When he was a child there was technically two of him.
Sensitive to chronomancy. Wild magic.
Got stronger when he was older (coexistence with himself).
Good luck to young self, bad luck old => Luck is a resource.


## Rejected Ideas
### Practice Seer
practice seer (divination apprentice), can see signs, somewhat.
misguided, sees signs in different universe. destiny has a certain agenda here.
he falls in love with her?
maybe he learns mind blank.

### Irae Tie-in
In a battle with her, chronomancy gets out of hand?
To destroy her phylactery, they need to make a sacrifice within?
To destroy her phylactery, they need to reach it in the past?
..maybe it's possible for them to get back, but something goes wrong within?

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[faey]: faey "Faeynore"
[feywild]: ../planar/feywild "Feywild"
[53-wish-unleashed]: ../recaps/53-wish-unleashed "53-wish-unleashed"
[61-seer-planning]: ../recaps/61-seer-planning "61-seer-planning"
[73-demo-gone-gone]: ../recaps/73-demo-gone-gone "73-demo-gone-gone"
[mordai]: mordai "Mordai"
[dahaka]: ../deities/dahaka "Dahaka"
[hjarka]: hjarka "Hjarka"
[moray]: ../seaofbones/moray "Moray"
[mirror-temple]: ../seaofbones/mirror-temple "Mirror Temple"
[chronomancy]: ../rules/chronomancy "Chronomancy"
[33-mirror-hans]: ../recaps/33-mirror-hans "33-mirror-hans"
[34-tyrant-deception]: ../recaps/34-tyrant-deception "34-tyrant-deception"
[35-temple-of-the-queen]: ../recaps/35-temple-of-the-queen "35-temple-of-the-queen"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
