# Iz
> Iztlu Satza

**DISEASED** Yuan-ti pureblood GOO warlock searching for Xial in the ocean. Doesn't know who the god is or what he looks like.
So will move on feelings based interaction with something relevant to Xial.

## Development
- [[38-iz-ship]] Iz found and they look for the [[empress]], sees a shrine to Xial
- [[39-sinking-octopus]] Iz gets to tatalk
- [[43-shipnanigans]] GOO dream
- [[46-neverwinter-redshirt]] Depart ocean, and let [[gwyn]] loose
- [[48-fireforge]] Soul Cages Raffolk when he dies
- [[49-crusher]] Enslaved by aboleth [[koth]] in [[castle-never]]
- Lives months in the shadowfell with [[zed]], wakes up every day in eggs in [[castle-nowhere]]
- [[50-nowhere]] Is "rescued" by party. Ultimately tries to betray them. Iz slayed.

## GOO Dream
[Bloodborne OST - Hunter's Dream hunters dream](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EISe-WdZYE)
[Bloodborne OST - Hunter's Dream (Extended Version)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1lYpEb8gcM)
https://old.reddit.com/r/DnDBehindTheScreen/comments/ckbdrq/how_to_make_your_warlocks_life_more_interesting/
This was a two parter, but only ever did one part of it.

> Sploosh. You find yourself forcefully submerged in liquid, water. Above you, you see bubbles from your entry and waves of indeterminate height moving across the ocean floor.
> Below, there's vast darkness, apart from a feint blue glow emanating from the east.
> Any other direction. Waves get heavier and heavier. Below, octopus eats you (dream ends).

### Towards glow
A towering structure rises up, growing, from the darkness. It's conical in shape, but you can see some kind of irregularity  in the structure spiral around all the way towards the top. L12 snake like tails are expanding straight out in a floral pattern on the top. Climbing the top: funnelled through inner tube into room, crashing into the floor.

### Towards bottom
(following structure) large centre line (looks like a door). Then it opens up diagonally, in a surprising manner. Lack of water in there pulls you in. Crashing into a wall.

### Reading braile:
parallel lines. Illiscript.
Nat20 int/arcana: 5 fingers on the parallel lines, and you feel the presence of an entity propel itself through your fingertips. You see the world through its eyes. Colors are faded, but edges are light up to you. The few edges that exist anywya. You see soft jelly-like walls ahead of you, in the centre of the room, however, are 6 large spirals with pulsing light pushing inward. Bright blue. Two circular holes reveal a misty fog floating in the distance. Insta Indefinite madness.

Keep reading? Nat20int/arcana. Reveal tentacle face.
More madnesses: https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Madness#content

### Entrance 1 (first encounter)
Pedestal, you tome lies on it.
> Touching it, a square lights up in the centre of it. 4 dots blue light between it, then 4 more dots above it, edges now fill in an octagon, 8 more, 16 more, a circle slowly forms.

### Handle vs Button?
Invocation learn: Grasp of Hadar or Lancy of Lethargy (pull vs push)
If refuse to touch the book. Cloak of flies surrounds you.
### Receive tome:
https://i.redd.it/l4gn8xjx97x11.jpg

### Entrance 2
Large black sphere in center of room.
Sphere opens into an eye.
Eye duplicates as by cell-biology.
Once, twice, three, four, five times. Until there's so many eyes around you begin to lose count.
Eyes start to form a sphere around you, and you can see they are attached to slimy tendrils.
Light emanate from all of them, and you feel your body lift.

### Reward
#### Eldritch Aegis
- Prerequisite: blade ward cantrip
- When you cast blade ward, it grants you resistance to all damage.
#### Sign of Eibon
- 3rd-level evocation
- Casting Time: 1 action
- Range: Self
- Components: V, S
- Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minute
- You draw a sign in the air that enhances your magical power. Each spell you finish casting while maintaining concentration on this spell takes effect as if you had cast it with a spell slot one slot level higher than you actually expended for that spell. If you cease concentration on this spell as a result of casting a new spell, its effects are not enhanced and Sign of Eibon ends. Spells enhanced in this way cannot benefit from any other effect that alters their effective slot level.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[38-iz-ship]: ../recaps/38-iz-ship "38-iz-ship"
[empress]: ../seaofbones/empress "Empress"
[39-sinking-octopus]: ../recaps/39-sinking-octopus "39-sinking-octopus"
[43-shipnanigans]: ../recaps/43-shipnanigans "43-shipnanigans"
[46-neverwinter-redshirt]: ../recaps/46-neverwinter-redshirt "46-neverwinter-redshirt"
[gwyn]: ../npcs/gwyn "Gwyn"
[48-fireforge]: ../recaps/48-fireforge "48-fireforge"
[49-crusher]: ../recaps/49-crusher "49-crusher"
[koth]: ../npcs/koth "Koth M'gog"
[castle-never]: ../north/castle-never "Castle Never"
[zed]: zed "Zed"
[castle-nowhere]: ../north/castle-nowhere "Castle Nowhere"
[50-nowhere]: ../recaps/50-nowhere "50-nowhere"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
