# Pendleblip
Chaotic arcane trickster gnome inventor.
Doesn't want to hurt anyone, but will do really stupid things.

## Devil Deal
Made a deal with the devil in [[16-puzzling-devils]], and had to do a whole set of [[17-infernal-trials]]. His handler is [[vanquesh]], subcontractor for Dispater.

## Vanquesh deal
1. The use of your voice for a day. You must say what is required of you, when the time comes, with an intonation and conviction at your most genuine, and without any form of external signalling to let people know about this deal or any qualms/disagreements you may have with what's being said.

2. The energy of your glory. Should you be part of great conquests, like vanquishing a great evil or saving a kingdom, stories of your participation – no matter how great – will be greatly diminished. You will relinquish the rights to fame for me to leech upon.

3. The souls of your victims.

## Development
Vanquesh used `Pendle's voice for a day` in Waterdeep in [[29-chaotic-pendle]].
He received a scroll to read (arcana*), and infuses him with the power to read it.

> Aracana: low=>conjuration, medium=>portal,high=>modified gate

He needs a resident of this plane to welcome the creature. He himself is just a mirror.

## New handler
[[anjanu]] wanted to amend the contract due to unwillingness of Pendle to carry out soul draining, thus neither get the benefit

## Epilogue
He marked himself dead on DND beyond :D

## The Infernal Creator
Original deal book.

Written by modrons on deal with Dispater. Basically bait for smart people.
Contract paywall. Book can show the vestiges. You agree to 3 terms.
On breach, or loss of property; soul forfeit. You will be collected by next owners.

1. The use of your voice for a day. You must say what is required of you, when the time comes, with an intonation and conviction at your most genuine, and without any form of external signalling to let people know about this deal or any qualms/disagreements you may have with what's being said.

2. The energy of your glory. Should you be part of great conquests, like vanquishing a great evil or saving a kingdom, stories of your participation – no matter how great – will be greatly diminished. You will relinquish the rights to fame for me to leech upon.

3. The souls of your victims. NB: THIS WAS PROBLEMATIC.

Motivation:
> Use of your voice for a day. Your voice (which is from someone true and pure of heart) is used to chant a ritual with thousands of other borrowed voices to do something very evil. The evil ritual tainted your voice and now lawful beings have taken notice of the rituals completion and don’t really care for the defence that you weren’t there, your voice was the one chanting.

> Anyone who signs the contract will always be slightly outshone by their companions in any legends told. Saved a kingdom? The bard will mention everyone, including you, but your stanza will be just that much less remarkable than the others. This only applies to secondhand accounts: anyone who witnesses your deeds will see them as they truly are. Complication: The fiend itself is a Glory Leech, and its sustenance is the renown of those it gives contracts to. After you’ve done enough deeds, and the Glory Leech has nourished itself on your relinquished fame, it has the strength to take your place…either actually possessing you, or manifesting as the ideal version of you who everyone unrelated sees as having really done all your great deeds.

http://dndspeak.com/2018/08/100-things-demons-devils-ask-for-in-their-contracts/
Exalted: maybe Fade Away feat. Maybe +2 Int

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[16-puzzling-devils]: ../recaps/16-puzzling-devils "16-puzzling-devils"
[17-infernal-trials]: ../recaps/17-infernal-trials "17-infernal-trials"
[vanquesh]: ../npcs/vanquesh "Venquesh"
[29-chaotic-pendle]: ../recaps/29-chaotic-pendle "29-chaotic-pendle"
[anjanu]: ../npcs/anjanu "Anjanu"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
