# Luskan

## Connections
- Road east to [[mirabar]].
- Road South to [[neverwinter]].

## Post Yeenoghu
Corruption spreads. People transform. Old watchers (ghostly guard) roam the city to clear out the corruption, but they treat everything as hostile.

### Watchers
Watchers of the Abyss rise to clear out corruption.
They fight against humans taken over so have a very heavy counter-humanoid style:
- shield guards rush into your face
- 2 more attack from the back
- 2 more shoot fire from the sides

along with Millwood Knights. Huge ogre like beasts in full armor and huge axes.
bowmen fortified in the distance

## Tower Arcane
Castle erected by Nelithanar. Was a spellward and huge stone walls that look like a tree now. Huge. Home to the academy for the Arcane Brothehood.

Mages have color suffixes. Kazhen the Red.

https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Arcane_Brotherhood
https://the-legacy-of-the-crystal-shard.fandom.com/wiki/Arcane_Brotherhood

(Intern) Initiate -> (Junior) Conjurer -> (Senior) Evoker -> (Staff) Master mage -> Archmage (Principal)

Discount: -15*(level-1) == 30 at evoker

### Lore
Has books on Demon Lords from Mordenkainen himself.
Learn about the rivalries and chaotic nature (yeenaghu and baphomet), i.e. that they are unlikely to orchestrate grand plans themselves.
(Can teach you about the Ruathym Brothehood isle if they rank up well).

### Arklem
[[arklem]]

### Celerum
[[celerom]]

### Sydney's Initiation
Show them how to do basic spells and teach them how to do damage in a controlled test chamber. Meet a HR person. Sheirah / Sydney. Annoying mean girls voice. Purple shirt, well cut, uniformed skirt. Purple curly hair. Infernal heritage.

"Ucghs.. More wannabees." (Perc10) Quick face change to a fake smile. "Hiii. Welcome to the mages guild brave adventurers. I'm Sydney, here to assess you before sending you up to the elders."

"We can't take you to Arklem, he's very busy. We gotta assess you first. If you do well you can maybe see Celerum."

"Look they can give proper info, I don't know why all the soldiers up there revere Arklem so much; Celerum is way more handsome. But seriously though, we just got to assess you first."

Assess strengths. Let's try a cantrip shall we? (Expects basic sorc)
Now let's show you what real strength is. She'll cast fireball into a haybale room.

"Ray of Enfeeblement" on the constructs. They look like their posture shrinks (lack of strength).
Keep using http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/spells and expect them to up the ante or keep up with the mean girl charade.

Magically fortified to reset on request (old brotherhood magic, mordenkainen's fortress?)
If they do well, they'll get a pretty high rank immediately.
(Terms and conditions, do not betray the brotherhood or you will lose your rank, all benefits, weave recharge booths, and wizard benefits cards). [valid in Gael's emporium + brothehood]

Ok, so you are powerful. (Gain faction rank). That (flips through rulebook frantically) still does not prove loyalty.
Send them on a quest down to exterminate the gnoll caverns. Bring us proof of their demise. Take out their leader and they should scatter.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[mirabar]: mirabar "Mirabar"
[neverwinter]: neverwinter "Neverwinter"
[arklem]: ../npcs/arklem "Arklem Greeth"
[celerom]: ../npcs/celerom "Celerum"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
