# Neverwinter v Kiaransalee
see [[kiaransalee]] + [[irae]].
re-read session omega
fight styles highlighted from from [[dungeon-design]]

## music
### Hollow Knight • Relaxing Music with Ambiance (Rain, Fire, Night, Snow)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYEA5A0Bjyo - setup 2h
### Epic Battle Themes from Evangelion (Rebuild Edition)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KepiAite1hY - stage 1 22min !queue it a few times
### Demon's Souls Remake OST - Flamelurker Boss Theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTja6y_cfRc - extended, good stage 2


### Orchestral Battle Music from Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnTDYqbgxL0 - sounds good, stage 3

fallback s3: bland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dh7nTM6D-GU ds3 alonne (used for demogorgon)

### Potential Innocent Start
See darkness form on the horizon. If they scry they can see her out on the farmlands:
slow, but large strides beneath sees a little curious girl on the outskirt farms.
"how would you like to live forever?"
**flesh tearing off in space of 10s**
small skeleton child, blue glowing eyes
porting in undead? into timestop buff them?

#### Speech?
Why are we here.. You have seen our work, how we can make you live forever.
how we free society from the oppression of finality
and yet you; continue to protect these weak people.

you have stood against our forces for long enough that there is no need to be under any illusions here; you will pay for all you have killed along the way.
you will be a footnote in history books; what happens to those who oppose progress. perhaps we'll open an attraction at thanatos with you in it. you would serve as quite the deterrent for other aspiring rebels.
anyway, enough talk. it's time to disperse the contents of your entrails across this city.

## Stage 1: Arrogant Arrival
initial attack through **choke point**
let them get some hits in, but it can be Larloch's shape (immune to physical)

teleport within castle walls while skeletons attack
acid breath down a whole wall
-> **killing fields** fight
as she teleports inside she can run a DC20 CON save vs 50 necro dmg in area (if dead from this -> raise -> 10 graycloaks)
they can hide behind buildings in this stage, use the terrain

Mobs:
- 1x Nerfed Devkarin Lich as a Undead Matron Mother
- 1x Skeletal Owlbear
- 2x Undead Drow archer/swordsman (drider base)
- 1x sword wraith commander (drow favoured consort)
- 30x snow maiden (ghostly drow)

Friendlies:
- Galeron (Champion)
- Diana/Ursula
NB: all of these have to doge K due to her gaze.

## Stage 2: Transformation
She blurs the line between the shadowfell and the prime material.
NB: This is using a lot of energy, so if she takes a lot of HP here it breaks.
Everything darkens, yellow soft glow becoming visible, soft moving sound of the neverwinter river fades, and your ears start picking up deeper rumbling sound instead.

Terrible creatures come in from the graveyard/tower in a way that overwhelms the graycloaks.
Adds a **fog of war** (reduces sight) to increase tension.

Maybe mages can come help at this point.
If they hide too much here; intorduce "The Lonely" add a soft

## Stage 3: Desperation
Link between shadowfell breaks. Arrogance fades.
Final desperate gambit / boom or bust choice (that might kill people?) -> last chance to win.
Plot & BBEG merge
=> Irae tries to be the main face of Kiaransalee and speak as one
=> White face stuck (cannot switch, but has health?)
=> However, heavy penalties to her if plot subversion as even she cannot control a god
subversion: angering other 2 / or something else plot related? / sunset warrior attacks?

COULD have this be a cataclysmic event and they would have to battle through the city
recover allies, final inspirations
find mages at the bottom of halls of justice as they finish off undead allies
quick potions delivered (heroism to improve to hit, 3 potions of superior heal)

## Terrain
Vertical terrain: castle walls; smaller houses
Lava river in stage 2... can be diverted

## Denouement
Emotional Releases. [[epilogue]] lead ins.


## Raised Undead battle Graycloaks

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[kiaransalee]: ../deities/kiaransalee "Kiaransalee"
[irae]: ../npcs/irae "Irae T'sarran"
[dungeon-design]: ../rules/dungeon-design "dungeon-design"
[epilogue]: ../rules/epilogue "Epilogue"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
