# Neverwinter

## Connections
- Road north to [[luskan]]
- Road south to [[waterdeep]]

## Contains
- [[castle-never]]

## Shops
### Jade's Rocks
Goblin sweeps the floor in there.
#### Items
- Diamonds
- Rubies
- Pearl
- Saphire
- Jade statuses form salt marshes (100GP each)

### Constanze's Reliquary
#### Items
- Flash bang arrow. 2d6 thunder damage + disorient (con save 15 or blind for one turn, 30ft radius) - 600GP
- Weapon of Spite +1, +2 against something that damaged you last turn. (STRICTLY BETTER THAN +1)
- Scimitar of Speed +2 (8000GP)
- Ring of Resistance acid 4000GP
- Ioun Stone of Intellect 5000GP
- Necklace of prayer beads 4000GP

## Neverdeath Graveyard
A cracked stone wall, patched in places with thick wood, surrounds the graveyard called Neverdeath. Consisting of two wide, roughly square areas of the city, Neverdeath is filled with rows of headstones interspersed with mausoleums and crumbling statues, often overgrown with withered grasses.

Path to shadowfell?

### Waterclock crypts
Beneath a large, unassuming mausoleum lie the catacombs of the Waterclock Guild, an organization of artisans famous for building beautiful and intricate timepieces.

Path through Chult?

### Guarding monsters:
Cadaver Collector boss  MTOF122 CR 14
Tons of reasonable monsters near there..

Valindra Shadowmantle involved here..

## Network of Fortune Tellers
AKA Catherine Montvoisin.

Provided poison, aphrodisiacs, abortion, purported magical services, and arranging of black masses with clients among the aristocrats and became the central figure. Her purported organization of commissioned black magic and poisoned murder was suspected to have killed anywhere between 1000 and 2500 people.

## EBA: Death
If they die, here, do a Skyrim wake up towards Evernight

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[luskan]: luskan "Luskan"
[waterdeep]: ../waterdeep/waterdeep "Waterdeep"
[castle-never]: castle-never "Castle Never"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
