# Stormguard
Giants home Citadel.
3 paths in! Basilisk cave, quintessent mountain scaling (crazy), or through hill giant hotel.
^ shut down the alternate path up by mentioning the dragon.

## Layout
- Entrance in Hill Giant Hotel
- Path to main hall
- Spine down to [[gilgrin]]
- Spine up to [[rimehaze]]
- Rimehaze to [[protectorate]]
- Protectorate to [[halos]]

### Hotel
Lax intro. They don't expect intruders. Wolves + eating hill giants is a nice intro..
#### One Torn Open Cage with broken shackles
Large size. Vomit on floor. Deus Ex Machina Mouth of Grolantor?
If they kill him though, they get the some gross food with a temporary STR bonus, then poisoned.

#### Main passage
Have some Hill Giants dumbly commandeering a legion of Ogres?
Have an actual tactical setup if they fail to go undetected..
...that said. These guys have 5int so tactical setup is not going to be great.
..reveal a lot if they listen in, bad tactical speak..

However, if they are stealthy, these guys are just around from barracks and northward..
They might try to awaken the Mouth in case of panic.
By default. 1HG + HD + Cbrutes are kept in last room.

#### Prison
People taken prisoners by hill giants. For food variety.
Vincent / Bill will tell that two frost giants have been forcing the hill giants to fetch them.
"They sounded weird. Their voices. Hollow, vowels lost."

#### Outcome
Fight everything. Even the Mouth of Grolantor (badly).
Main protectorate escape down the spire hallway (where they later backstab with Irae).
Free prisoners, return them to Mirabar and stay the night. Hanz becomes the mayor of the town. They ignore the night cat.

### Main Hall
Balrog style path mid mountain. Spine leads to Gilgrin when going down, and Rimehaze going up.
Surprise twinned dominate person here from Irae on party during Blood Giant encounter.
Sansuri there to tell them of the domination field above. Improved Alter Self Quest to Gilgrin.

### Gilgrin (underground)
Contains relics in vault, good armors and weapons, plus Duke Zoltan and his double shielded lackey. Portal on roof of it.

Perhaps also a tamed Ancient Red Dragon who powers the forge, Golgoroth. In a crazy lair.
It could potentially have helped to overthrow the king, but they would've have to overcome the anti-magic field therein to help free him first.

### Rimehaze (above)
Leads up along mountain paths. They can choose to go in towards the fire giants vault if they so prefer. Maybe they can see the flying Hrasvelger in Roc form.
They can meet the Smiling One warning them of the situation above.

### Halos
Literally uses the entire spine of the world to channel the weave. Need some of the highest level Storm Giants to power it. They stand there funnelling lightning energy into it constantly.

### Underdark
Can dig deeper into the easier ones. (Follow hierarchy – fire giants go to underdark)

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[gilgrin]: gilgrin "Gilgrin"
[rimehaze]: rimehaze "Rimehaze"
[protectorate]: protectorate "Protectorate"
[halos]: halos "Halos"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
