---
type: pc
---

# Arqarin
> Arabella Ravensword
https://www.dndbeyond.com/profile/user-100995373/characters/3274848

**DISEASED** Daughter of Duke Cyrus Ravenswood. Noble from [[waterdeep]].

> Pale, short 20yo, red hair, green eyes
> She is loyal, kind and generous! Opposite a pompous noble.
> Brings shame to her family through her words.

Family; Noble land owners with rich ties to the traders
Her love? The heir of a family her family despises.

## Developments
- joined party in [[01-waterdeep-start]]
- defeated evils in [[sunless-citadel]]
- joined party up north after stocking up in [[04-waterdeep-shopping]]
- probably died or was put in a different cell in [[velkynvelve]]

## Motivation
Instrument of Illusions (common minor magic)

She knew Tony (blacksmith) where they stocked up in [[04-waterdeep-shopping]]

## Quest Ideas
### Arranged Marriage
Person she was going to be wed to is politically advantageous to the Ravenswoods.
-> Strengthens trading relations with Baldur’s Gate.
-> Senad Sylvane
Maybe trading relations with the north even?
Mirabar? Maye Gael can teleport to a wizard friend hiding in Londsaddle.

Family will respect her actions, but will want her to at least repay her debt to the Sylvanes if she is to forfeit her marriage.

### Father Capture
Wanted Poster;
> WANTED ALIVE; Arabella; 1000gp. -Cyrus Ravenswood (drawing of arabella)

If she’s by herself for a bit meet an Incubus (p285mm), or bounty hunter capture:
"Experienced hunters. Dressed in powerful gear. Insignia of a the raven queen."

### Cyrus
Cyrus: Strong jawed face with medium longwhite straight hair, and this beautifully groomed royale beard (neat goatee + straight mustache. Wearing beautiful black ceremonial armor, and a necklace of a huge tooth around his neck.

Upset she is running away from family responsibilities.

- "Going to marry someone completely outside our support system?"
- "You would need to relinquish your title."
- "Well, you’ve been away for a month now, how’s your new living arrangements working out for you? What we have here does not simply appear out of nothing."
- "You disappoint me."

If brother, maybe he can rave about him?
"I gave you life, I can take it away." (Smashes mug on floor.).
Would apologize for this later.


### XXX Ravenswood
Sympathetic mother, but she also married politically as a child.

You see a woman standing in the back. She briefly flashes you a look of relief, before resuming her expressionless gaze.

- "Aqy, I’m sorry. I should’ve stood up for you."
- "Despite his menacing looks right now, please do consider his words. What will you do without our families protecting you? Roaming around with these scoundrels? They’re a lot more likely to get you killed than your father.
- "I see you are playing my flute. Are you trying to follow in my footsteps and become proper bard?"
- "If you do you should consult the college" / inspire her to be whisperer / glamour bard
- "I see you brought your lute. Are you trying to learn the way the bards after all?"


## Item Ideas
Mac-Fuirmidh Cittern (from her mother / moonshae isles)
(Cast Barkskin Cure wounds, Fog Cloud)

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[waterdeep]: ../coast/waterdeep "Waterdeep"
[01-waterdeep-start]: ../recaps/01-waterdeep-start "01-waterdeep-start"
[sunless-citadel]: ../coast/sunless-citadel "Sunless Citadel"
[04-waterdeep-shopping]: ../recaps/04-waterdeep-shopping "04-waterdeep-shopping"
[velkynvelve]: ../underdark/velkynvelve "Velkynvelve"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
