---
type: pc
---

# Bron
half-elf ranger, cruffy beard (half-elf beards are rubbish), skinny
https://www.dndbeyond.com/profile/CaseAtreides/characters/3288416

> Abandoned as a child and raised by a hermit called Malak in a forest. He taught me how to be a ranger. One day I went out to seek adventure, and met Mordai. Upon returning to my forest home I found Malak dead, and our home destroyed. All I could find as evidence of the attackers was a strange gold trinket that looks like a coin or a medal.

## Developments
- pre-game: met [[mordai]] in high forest
- joined party in [[01-waterdeep-start]]
- Found artifact of eilistraee in [[neverlight]]
- left party after [[12-blingdenstone-taps]]

NB: Mostly abandoned [[eilistraee]] as part of the [[pantheon]] after him leaving (no-one to throw the hooks at).

## Origin
Artifact emits magic. Said Abjuration.
Artifact is a Drow House insignia, with a command word. Feather fall once per day.


Drow matron mother under Eilistraee (CG drow)
 “Her most common sign was a silvery radiance (sometimes accompanied by a snatch of song or a few echoing notes of a harp)”
Home in Svartalfheim / Svartálfar in Niðavellir AKA Myrkheim. (Ysgard plane).

## Motivation:
Investigation for artifact
Find person who killed his parents / mentee? Whatever he was to him.

Gael investigating:
“I must admit it threw me for a loop. It looked like one of the house insignia of one an elvish house. But see this symbol? (Points to a cursive small d with a slash through it). It does not fit the normal elvish alphabet.”

Jarlaxle investigating:
Sees it’s drow. Recognizes Eilistraee.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[mordai]: mordai "Mordai"
[01-waterdeep-start]: ../recaps/01-waterdeep-start "01-waterdeep-start"
[neverlight]: ../underdark/neverlight "Neverlight Grove"
[12-blingdenstone-taps]: ../recaps/12-blingdenstone-taps "12-blingdenstone-taps"
[eilistraee]: ../deities/eilistraee "Eilistraee"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
