# Hjarka
Earth Genasi fighter from [[gracklstugh]].
https://www.dndbeyond.com/profile/apriltuesday/characters/5003990

Found in Chryssalis.
She's possessed by one elemental of her native realm.  Ogremoch.
(Needs to put down elementals.)

Wave is [[hergatha]] (another arachomental – Umberlee's chosen) and she's unleashing the dissonance.
Hjarka's personality is fracturing as a result – what she sees is her dark side personified through Ogremoch/Hergatha.

Umberlee is a red herring. She's not really evil, but people see the dark sides of themselves through her. The blames of peoples actions are often deflected onto her.

Rejected her own concience.

## Luskan Questions
Wave needs to ask Hjarka how she is doing.
Hanz needs to talk reintroduce himself.
Well, that's not relevant anymore. She's MIA. Establishing a business venture with the last troll is current canon.

## Wave hooks
Wave was speaking about umberlee.
~~Wave: You've used a lot of my powers already you know? Slarkrethel can restore it on Moray. He's is a priest. His powers are strongest there. Morkoth?~~
Wave is now silent :|

## Origin Elaboration
Hjarka emerged from a cocoon having been experimented on.

More chrisalisses emerge in a passage. Other corrupted creatures lead up to it.
Madness roll when she encounters the drider.

Drider on the ceiling (Rhylas) injecting into chryssalisses (green ones). Fire circles underneath. Something placed as fuel in outer ones.
Dead adult creatures on the floor - they have a greenish tint to their eyes and scales.

"Whattt does it look like I am doing? Haaavesting these creatures."
He starts stepping up towards you. Maintaining eye-contact as he moves around the wall and down towards the ground.
"Who would like to go next?”

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[gracklstugh]: ../underdark/gracklstugh "Gracklstugh"
[hergatha]: ../npcs/hergatha "Hergatha"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
