# Bregan D'aerthe

Outpost in [[waterdeep]].

Thieves guild / jarlaxle's mercenary hideout. 100 active in waterdeep at a time, but probably only 30 in various parts of the guild at a time. Screwed halfway between the sewers and the mountain. Quick escapes, but front is a façade. A shop of items. "Swords from luskan." Largely unpopular, but that's just a ruse. Everyone who knows about it must go through "initiation".

Has connections with the One Eyed Jax in [[luskan]]

## Password
"Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so." In response to "you're here early."

## Sellers
- Cloak of protection (3k gold)
- +1 weapons for half price.

## Inside
Speakeasy for traders. 10 drow, 2 tiefling (1 warlock), 1 kenku, 2, changelings, 1 tabaxi.
One leader there atm: Sszaonar – Arachnomancer.
Other rooms:
- Caverns with various rooms. 4 drow in one room with maps. Another. 2 muscular drow males pleaing each other. Thamaturgy door shut after a smile.
- A super heavily locked passage leading to Jarlaxle's chamber.

## Kant
https://www.reddit.com/r/DnDBehindTheScreen/comments/8k8g8k/oh_yes_thieves_can_cant/

## Lines
- We have many members who know the trade and are experienced shoppers.
- We'd need to see that you are game and now how to business.
- Go to Diamond Street corner in the evening and talk to the long haired guard, he'll find you a seller.

## Initiation Quest
Steal javelin from Gideon

OR:
They'll meet Brian(fake name) and he'll give you the password to the guild.

### Initiation Heist
Cobbled streets around a mansion. Tall, three story house on other side of narrow cobbled street. Belongs to commoners. Mansion has walls that are hard to climb while being stealthy. No obvious holes in wall. Backside has guards visible. Guards on patrol very slowly. Gate is locked. Two more villas to the right of the main one.

### Challenges
Avoiding guards. Two downstairs. (Climb window stealthily).
Take out guards. Fast takedown or more appear.

### Gideon
Sleeping. Can be woken up. Annoying noble. Superiority, but nothing evil about him.
"well of course they complain, not everyone can be in charge of policies, and in times of decline, the sellers of the most superfluous goods always suffer first."
Sleeping in the room with the rake?

### If they get caught
They will have valuables stolen from them and they'll be locked away in chamber. And they'll have to escape.

Escape will be a dungeon where they are meant to rot, but end up having to break out inside castle waterdeep.
Or they can break locks to go back into thieves guild and find storage area. Where they can find all their loot along with tons of misc weaponry.

Inner: minor garden, window to kitchen. 2 guards in entranceway.
Standard Merchant Prince's Villa map from TOA.

### Alternate version
They ask around first, and one of them tells them:
"if you are game, you can prove yourself by doing some shopping for us."
"one of the lords, Aveyron, has a javelin on his wall in his upstairs library that we'd like to buy, unfortunately, he's been very busy lately, and almost impossible to reach."
"we'd recommend you wait for him outside, and make a deal with him, if you know what I mean."

Once inside stealth the way through.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[waterdeep]: waterdeep "Waterdeep"
[luskan]: ../north/luskan "Luskan"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
