# Cursed Grove
Level 2 of the [[sunless-citadel]].

## Notes
Erky left. Meepy joins passively.

Balsag
Find him later?
Holding a leash with two giant rats attached to them.
“Hurrr, Grip, Fang. Get them! Slashes lead.
fire snake

### Belak’s lab: only two goblins is a threat, rest commoners. Curl them up.
Vial disease:
If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 10 Constitution saving throw or contract a disease. Until the disease is cured, the target can’t regain hit points except by magical means, and the target’s hit point maximum decreases by 3 (1d6) every 24 hours. If the target’s hit point maximum drops to 0 as a result of this disease, the target dies

**Shadow:** str drain:
https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Shadow#content
If they sleep, they get woken up by balsag and two giant rats
200XP + 25XP x 2 (easy fight)

**Bugbear chief**: 700XP. Biggest diff is AC 17 vs AC 16 and 40 extra HP.

Maybe it can be the patrol. Amped im up. Killed by Morday using fire breath potion.

### 53 Study
Treasure of the Fire Lords (draconic), point of doing this? Gotcha trap. Skip room?
### 54
They can see the final room! Grip + Fang appeared right?
### 55 briars
Can be dealt withusing firebreath
### 56 gulthias
**Belak** human druid (4th lvl)
Man in beige cloak
Wand of entangle (restrains)
They can kill the tree first!
Play it hard.
+5 hit with spells
#### Spells:
Poison spray ( Constitution saving throw or take 1d12 poison damage - 10ft)
Shillelagh (Touch D8 magical dmg with spellcasting attack bonus +5)
Level1 (4)
Cure wounds, entangle faerie fire (light outline)
Thunderwave:( a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 2d8 thunder damage and is pushed 10 feet away from you. On a successful save, the creature takes half as much damage and isn't pushed.)
Level2 (3)
Barkskin
Flaming sphere (30ft fire sphere 2d6 on failed DC 13)

Nerf wand of entanglement to 5 charges.

### Sharwyn is a wizard
AC 16 HP 13 (2D8+4)
MM (3d4+1 insta)
Ray of frost (1d8 cold ranged, and halves speed of enemy)
Sleep: (5d8 hp within 20feet)
Shield: +5 AC on self
1d4+2 dagger melee.

### Bradford
imposes disadvantage with shield within 5ft as reaction!
Also has normal weapon! +1 dmg…+6
AC18 (CM + SHIELD) HP 19 (3d8+6)
Stats for sharwyn + bradford + belak on here for ease…
Alternative to shatterspike…

### twig blight (0-3) at xp 25
AC 13, 2-7 HP, 20FT speed. +3 hit, 1d4+1 dmg.
False appearance (looks like shrubbery).

### Yusdrayl stats
16 HP AC 12/15 mage armor (cantrip).
Ray of frost cantrip (Make a ranged spell attack. On a hit, the target takes 1d8 cold damage, and its speed is reduced by 10 feet until the start of your next turn.)
+4 hit, 1d4+2 piercing dagger

## Mordai white fruit lines:
“Yes, that’s the one. Hide it away for yourself.”

### Dragon cult: old abandoned cult of the dragon.
Reveres Anabraxis the Black Talon. (In the Underdark, could travel to shadowfell at will).

## Loot
2x Healing potions (light-blue)
1x vials of antitoxin (green)
1x Elemental gem (saphire magic swirling inside it)
Note in Undercommon. “Prepare for the first ritual. The Lady of Rot will bless your dark citadel. Feed the gulthias tree, and you shall be rewarded.”

## Escape
Poison fungus everywhere throughout shadowfell / underdarky version of the grove. Fades at level 1.

“As the tree is dying, a shadow emanates from its roots. Swelling in size, it quickly envelops the room and you find quickly notice a vile stench fills the air.
As your eye adjust, you notice the room has changed. Through the faded darkvision, you see dark vines twisting around all corners of the grove. Huge fungal growths stand tall where the briars once were. Some give out small puffs of green smoke as a small vibration slightly shakes the earth you stand on.

Tremors intensify.

“Zuggtmoy” (søgt-moi)
For a split second, you see a flicker to the form of a huge demonic entity. You see impossibly thin purple humanoid hands coated in living matter. A petaly veil of fungus grow from atop the feminine looking purple face. Large tentacles slither around her body.

As you blink, she’s all gone.
Meet up with Yusdrayl Dhoznak.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[sunless-citadel]: sunless-citadel "Sunless Citadel"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
