# Sunless Citadel
Basicl: secret stronghold of the cult of the dragon. Foothills NW of Thundertree.

## Development
- lower areas overrun by mushrooms. Goblins and Kobolds still there.
- Calcryx was saved and returned to the Kobolds. Yusdrayl still there. Meepo left upworlds.

### Goblins
Goblins: make comedically bad attempts at wizarding
Goblins: eat rats. “Thanks to Big Momma here”

Nilbog wizard. P182 volos.
Robes, staff featuring face of a jester, impossibly wide grin.
“Intruders! Awkward laughter swirling staff.” Make a cha saving throw.
Tasha’s hideous laugther.
Spirit flies into another goblin once done.

### Erky Timbers
Slightly high pitched, fast speech. (Pelor cleric (5))
Knows Talgen, Sharwyn + Sir Bradford.

Manacles in the room.
If finding Erky first, kobolds are here rather than following.

### Calcryx
As you walk further into the room, you suddenly hear a long growl.

And you see one white claw (clamp) onto the flipped table and (toss it to the side).
You see this long reptilian face, almost glisteningly white, of a dragon wyrmling.

She scans the room, and as you see her exhale through her nose you see little puffs of ice form in the air around here.

### Yusdrayl
Reward. Hat of Vermin + Dragon key.

### Meepo
Where they found [[meepo]] originally (he watched Calcryx).

### Troll fight
Troll does not have multiattack, and just 30 HP. Sequester spelled away.

“You see a pale green creature, but substantially larger. Dressed in rotted finery, and rings adorned with tiny silver dragons that still sparkle. The body is shrunken and elongated, and its flesh, bubbling with putrid green welts.
Cordon of Arrows instead of Guiding bolt

### Kurtulmak - GOD OF KOBOLDS
Kobolds hates gnomes
They’ll kill Erky on the way up.

## Fights
Hobgoblins pp 186 (x3 100XP each) 11HP 1d8+1 dmg (+5 hit)
Martial advantage: +7 dmg added if near a hobgoblin (5ft)
Potentially 600XP fight...

### Durnn
Badass hobgoblin. Heavily armored. Strong. No BS fighter LE. Won’t surrender, especially not in front of Kobolds. Must look strong if negotiating (though unlikely to succeed).

Durnn hobgoblin (200XP) AC 19 (1 more)
15 STR +4 to hit. +1 bonus to DMG. 18 HP

### Grenl
Goblin shaman (DC11 +3 to hit with spell attacks) 13 wis.
Cantrips: poison spray, thaumaturgy
Spells: bane + inflict wounds
Scrolls: expeditious retreat + faerie fire

Poison spray (1d12 poison insta unless con save) + Thaumaturgy at will.
Bane (roll debuf 3 players vs Cha - conc.) + Inflict Wounds (3D10 necro touch)
Fearie fire (20ft cube advantage outline) + Expeditious retreat scrolls
Potion of healing + 2 vials of antitoxin.

Does not like Durnn, if he falls first:
Coarser voice (still koboldish, less high pitched).
“Stop! This not needed. Durnn is dead.
(Blames Balsag for dragon, offers them to take it back.)

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[meepo]: ../npcs/meepo "Meepo"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"