# Yawning Portal

An inn in Waterdeep run by Durnan. Entry point to the campaign from [[00-introduction]].
Path down to [[undermountain]] closed.

## NPCs
### Durnan. NG Illuskan Male.
Gruff + Burly. Mutton chops + mullet. But actually super old.
Runs the YP. Self-appointed gatekeeper of undermountain.

Obsessive person (twisted by undermountain)

Commanding voice.

*“Normally I’d be happy to send your sorry asses down into undermountain for the usual fee, but the lords have decreed (roll-eyes) that adventurers can’t simply be funnelled down to die these days and have sealed it off. Hopefully temporarily.”

*”Why I agreed? Let’s just say they have made it worth my while.”
Knows about Sunless Citadel in Oakhurst (because he hates hobgoblins - but wouldn’t speak of it).
*”I am Durnan, I run this and I am the gatekeeper to undermountain.”
*”If you like adventure, I suggest you talk to

The legend of the Sunless Citadel is well known locally, and stories indicate it’s a place that holds promise for those intent on discovery, glory, and treasure.

### Gael (Deepforest)
Inviting, flamboyant persona (enunciates very clearly). Tall, long blonde hair. Distinctive jewelry. Purple coiled spiralled tattoo twines around the side of his neck and back.
Ideals: respect, freedom, aspiration.

“Well, hellooo. My my, aren’t you a fabulous group. A thiefling, an elf and dwarf all travelling together. Now I have seen everything. Oh, and a human as well. I hope you know how to keep these people from killing each other.”

“You four are a glorious group.”
“I am Gael, loremaster” (Gael’s Mystical Emporium)

“Sells potions, magic items, here in Waterdeep.”
“(Sees the relict). Well, what’s this? I’m not sure what this is, but this symbol seems oddly familiar.”

 “Filare, leave us for a minute please.”

“We also have started branching out, and want to hire promising adventurers who can help us improve our business. Now now, I know this sounds boring, but here me out.”

“We have heard about small village near Dessarin Forest, where goblins sell magical healing fruit.” [[oakhurst]]

“Think what we could do with that! If we could duplicate it, we could reduce the cost of healing potions tenfold! Not only would we become the defacto shop in faerun for potions, we could sway the tide of battle!”

“We would you like to retrieve one of these fruits intact.”
“Please seek out the Hucrele family running the general store.”?
“Don’t know what’s going on there, but should you come back with one of these fruits, we will reward you handsomely.”
“And I will look into your curious relic.”
“I’ll tell Filare here to take you there.”

#### Rewards
Choices:
- Major magic items:
- Pearl of power (regain a spell slot n-1)
- Boots of Striding and Springing (dwarf movement speed + 3x jump len)

Minor (throw in):
- Potion of fire breath
- Bag of holding
- Driftglobe (daylight/light spell once per day)
- Cloak of Billowing (Minor Common)

#### Lines return
“Ooh, you return. You’ve been gone for 3-5 days. Where’s Filaire?”
“So, our amphalian horses?”
"Party name?”

Questions:
Fungal attack and demon: “If demons are indeed on our doorstep, time may be in short supply. I would recommend seeing your loved ones, well those with family here anyway.”

“Wouldn’t want to leave on bad terms, my lady.”
Gulthias Tree: Sounds like this tree was bred to be a shadow passage of some sort.
Demon looks: Gael will be able to identify the demon lord.
Kundrukar: "The remaining few, by order of Durgeddon the Black, have created a secret redoubt, none shall find us".

### Filiare
Retired old adventurer.  (old human fighter)
Jovial middle aged man, thinning black hair. Strong. Enjoys decadent pleasures. Protective of a valuable possession.

“You must have said something very interesting to Gael, he instructed me to take you on some of our best horses to [[oakhurst]].”

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[00-introduction]: ../recaps/00-introduction "00-introduction"
[undermountain]: undermountain "Undermountain"
[oakhurst]: oakhurst "Oakhurst"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
