Welcome to the Sword Coast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHLX_AChG5E

## Scene
This land contain what some describe as the more civilized parts of Faerun. Connected by merchants and trade routes at sea, the Sword Coast contains such cities as Candlekeep and Baldur’s Gate in the south, and Neverwinter and Waterdeep in the north.

One does not have to travel far to find conflict on the continent. Orcs, and ice giants come from the north. Barbarian tribes roam the forests. Meanwhile, most humans, elves and dwarvenkind flock to the cities.

Our story starts in the Crown of the North; Waterdeep. A city originally founded hundreds of years ago by loggers who were transporting timber out of the deep water harbour. The city has gone through numerous political upheavals, but while it is is currently benefiting from an era of peaceful trade, it is sitting on top of the most notorious and mysterious mountains in all of Faerun.

## Introductions
A handful of wandering destinies begin to intersect. At the Yawning portal inn in Waterdeep.

Two unlikely companions have come in search of legends and lost relations.
Paul (Bron). Introduce plz.

Guy (Mordai). Introduce plz.

As you two share some ales at a table. You two recount your journeys to waterdeep, and what set you off your journey from the inlands.

The tavern itself has a kind of modern, but quaint feel to it. Cobblestone flooring, and three large pockets of tables in each side of the bar, except the one with the main bar area. It’s clearly constructed around the main attraction, a 40 foot brick shaft, almost like a really large well, sitting inside the center of the tavern, with four candles burning on small pillars around it.

At the table next to you, a pale brown-haired dwarf and a cloaked human.
Spike (Dhoznak). Introduce plz.
Verity (Arqarin). Introduce plz.

## Hooks
The dwarf looks down at a half the chess board of the unexpected guest. Outmatched in both charisma and wit, he is clutching his holy symbol.

As you two start overhearing conversations?  catching onto a word?

As you look around you see the face of a Burly and Gruff looking man with mutton chops running the bar.

On the opposite side, a few guards watch around, one seems to have been following you two since you arrived. One keeping a keen eye on you Zevanar, despite your best efforts to conceal your face, your infernal presence has not gone unnoticed.

At another table, an old strong, but old looking man with thinning black hair (Filaire) sits at a table talking to a tall handsome human with a dark purple robe.  a charming smile and long blond hair.

See [[yawning-portal]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[yawning-portal]: ../coast/yawning-portal "Yawning Portal"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
