---
type: recap
---

Nat 1 Teleport
06 April 2021

You celebrated your victory over Rak Tulkhesh at the Onyx Octagon last week.
Participated in a brief amount of illegal religious advocacy (which you were fined for), then collected your now extreme wealth from your 8-1 bet.

You rested and healed, cleared up your debt, cleaned your items from collateralization, got your premium bank subscription, kept your money in the bank (1% monthly interest), and then saw the Sultan, who upheld his part of the deal and loaned you Extinction, an artifact embedding a rod of absorption.

Some final shopping done outside the session later, you headed to the spire to scry on Irae, and found her Acropolis in velddrinnsshar above a green flame lake, trying to create something.

She noticed your invisible scrying sensor, and tried to peer through, but you stepped out of it.
Trying to find out if something had happened in Neverwinter, you messaged [[zaehesh]], who just responded with dying noises.

Promptly, you Plane Shifted to Neverwinter with a nat1 level accuracy, where you find yourselv over the - now lava filled - gorge on the south end of the city, standing on a small sinking plateau, with a beholder at one side, and the enormous minotaur demon Baphomet on the other.

Plan:
- Battle. Antimagic Ray interaction with Baphomet Maze!
- Invite to Beholders & Baphomet

B&B Battle:
Sun is down. Dark. Fire from city source. Appears to be light below from the lava, but it does not seem to bounce off you a lot (PERC15).

- Baphomet Mirage Arcane active (difficult terrain, gorge to the left)
- Narrate terrain when someone starts to move
- Narrate person returning from Maze upon Baphomet casting a concen. spell
- Replace Madness with 1 round Confusion
- Reckless attacks, will be good for them: 22AC
- Save ADV, 3 leg res.
- Hunters Mark
- Maze on Goatweaver; maybe do it on Mordai first?
- 3 attacks per round + 3x heartcleaver attacks legendary!
- Maybe cast spells instead for one action (bonus), 2 actions (full action)
- Use charge as leg if possible; 2x actions, but more dmg, and push/prone.
- Heartcleaver artifact +4 Greatsword. Confusion on Crit for 1 round (evil bag, faey has it)

Beholder: Ray on one person (or cluster). He can't eye-ray in there. Well, narrate it anyway.
Rays: !roll (d3, 3d10, 3d3) (1=GW, 2=Mordai, 3=Faey), cone target, rays, targets
RAY=150ft!

Wraith: Life Drain if dragged in. One per round. Beholder can use one bonus ray to do it.

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[zaehesh]: ../npcs/zaehesh "Zaehesh"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
