---
type: recap
---

Blunt Backstab
12 May 2021

You prepared in Waterdeep for your journey to the shadowfell and Irithyll. You bought scrolls, arrows, and a rudimentary wizard staff to supply GW with vegetarian food.

After some good deeds paid for (10gp to wis7 identified beggar) and tree spectacles around the Waterdeep Maple, you deny:
- Gregor his wish of seeing the inside of a tree
- kids from joining into the tree.

You successfully travel to a Bone City Birch, where Goatweaver made a makeshift shrine / bone pile to Kavaki. It's bad, and he knows it's bad, but you can always make a better shrine later.

It's was not a straightforward travel, but you eventually found your way around the mountains to something matching your visions, and found yourselves overlooking Irithyll. Preliminary scouting was done (Faey flying over from distance); see lights in the church.

You quickly passed through the visible Conjuration/Transmutation ward of the city (through Celerom's ring), and discover Keanu, some kind of vampire spellcaster who was apparently disgruntled with the city, and asked you to kill some demons in the church. You joined in on this cautiously, but as he led you into the church, he locked the doors behind you, and unleashed the captive demons with a Circle of Death-like start. (Later described as a pretty crude backstab plot.)

Still, these 3 reasonably beefy demons and the caster were no real match for you - despite some issues with the multi-hoofed horse demon - and they all go down. The vampire turned into a million little flies and stared flying up the city westward.

You investigated a bit more in the church, before starting to sneak your way up towards the cathedral (with expectation that council might now not be happy with them). Knowing what was inside, numerous potential plans were laid (mostly about breaking and entering and how to most effectively smash these vampires). However, before pulling the trigger on this, Faey did a final scout on the western side of the Cathedral and found a broken piece of wall leading inside (bypassing foyer).

That's where we left of.

old plan: bust open, immediate fireball/lightning, stormbow auto-crit, maybe fork, adv to hit, unseen attacker. can silence the entire door. clairvoyance. ignore surprise skeleton.

NOTES:
- Arklem dungeon: [[irithyll-oubliette]]
- Cathedral Entrance [[irithyll]] in Cathedral section

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[irithyll-oubliette]: ../east/irithyll-oubliette "Irithyll Oubliette"
[irithyll]: ../east/irithyll "Irithyll"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
