---
type: recap
---

Blood-Ception
18 May 2021

You snuck into Irithyll Cathedral and found the many numerous notes of an ancient elven mage named Larloch in various time zones, in three different libraries.

The first, 400-420DR (1000y ago), it's clearly his younger days, studing the biology and botany of the city.

Then, more and more strange magic, with (best you can tell) some afterburner type super-powerful fire spells, and mentions of a calamity, seemingly a crash in around 540DR.

Finally, more into full-blown paranoia, dark seldarine pantheon, Kiaransalee, prophecies (one of which was highlighted), and distrust for his wizard + cleric companion, then nothing.

You found a body that had died spectacularly a long time ago after that, and a blood trail into a literal blood bath. Who it was is still undecided, but your bets are on Larloch.

The blood bath, after dubiously activating its entrance (gw dunking it in the bath and praying to kavaki), found that it was hiding a magic protected entrance to an oubliette; the much referenced sealed caverns still had a way in.

In the caverns, you found strange milky and light-shining water, casting light upon the hard blue walls. You also found a Revenant Zombie, trapped with some kind of fireball inside of him.

After careful trailing around the various paths, with varying degrees of stealth, you inspected some blue, rocky poop, you avoided one ambush, but got yourself into another.

So, as we left off; mordai, take 13 points of psychic damage. Faey, roll to hit. Carry on combat.

notes:
- GW: still undiscovered resistance to psychic, now has halo effect, and boosted magic
- Transmutation/Conjuration block unless arcana 20 (winged boots work!)
- Vampire respawn time: 2hrs
- potential [[felgolos]] now too late (see post-umnos)
- last major positive undiscovered for exalted book +2 stat CHA
- Arklem purpose (get 3 ancient souls and feed them to revive K)
- Arklem; itemization/spells; Has chronomancy, Crazy AC/DC. Has GW counters. Can only be shackled if incapacitated.
- seed the skipper (guards talking about move to shar)
- Phylactery is the [[tesseract]]
- chronomancy loot (netherese tech justification) to get them in trouble for a time heist clux/life#102
- combat: arklem surprise plans

TODO:
- get across that the prophecy pertains to the 3 undying souls are needed to summon Kiaransalee.
- CORRUPTING INFLUENC OF SHADOWFELL (didn't really get it across with Larloch)
- Saphire poop to seed Blue Salamander (failed to get them to try to find it..)
- larloch time travel plot? he could have set up his own death?
- plot item to let mordai use more spells (in arklem's chamber, charges his timepiece)

## Future Rewards
- GW: Augury
- GW: Mention CHA bonus next time he explains something dumb.
- Mordai: Chronomancy utility (more spells?)
- Chronomancy Buffs: Unstable Sing (DMG), Rending Distortion (dmg), Pause buf (no conc, bonus act)
: Existential Paradox (wiz 8th level dmg)
: Overcharge (wizard haste conc)
: Bifurcate (wizard double conc on spell, arbitrary scaling)

Faey: arrow components? Shadow blade?

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[felgolos]: ../npcs/felgolos "Felgolos"
[tesseract]: ../planar/tesseract "Tesseract"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
