---
type: recap
---

112-tesserect
15 June 2021

In the Tesseract, you had two layers left; Lust(Indigo) + Pride(Violet).
You attempted to solve the pride layers with Mordai entering some strange illusion room where he saw his mother.
(Unfortunately, he committed the sin of pride as he was inside and slowly turned blind).

Faey found his "inner light" (of Sunwuko) in the indigo room and temporarily cast enough light to take out the corr. layer.

This left only the teleport-allowed violet layer, and a visible Contingency.
Some experimentation with the the familiar poofing, faey shadowsteps inside, pick up the vase. But this triggers the Contingency; a big wave of water blasts through the corridors towards you, GW takes one of the impacts from this enormous wave, forcing you all into the cul-de-sac that is the chamber of the phylactery, while defenses are clearly being summoned.

Quick thinking, two individual, dimension doors (some more successful than others) get you outside, but within range of the Nightwalker.

You do try some clever ways of distracting it by ways of GW, however, Faey takes the most damage here. t, and watch the water start to take down the entire pyramid.

After some quick bone questions to Kavaki and quick thinking when you headed back, you placed the tesseract into the cliffsides outside the city, where it detonated spectacularly.
(mordai takes some damage falling into the cracks there)

smashed vase, homed in on soul

them plans:
- teleport gregor to "baldurs gate" tomorrow
- purchasing things (speed potions, healing)
- trying to just find the opening to shar
- reminded: they have wish
- gw fly speed; 30ft with another creature, half speed up, 15ft, - nerfed 45 normally
- carped 800lbs 20ft speed (coz damaged)

notes:
- pauper is gemstone lady, wife of gregor (who was going to help her, but seems he wants to leave)
- who to talk to? [[silver-helix]] knows? [[andraste]] can loan dragonbow to faey?
- mention Natalya if they go there
- ~~overcharge might need more of a self-damage buff 4d6~~ nah it's fine
- mention candlekeep lore (prophecy interpretation)
- scrying potentials (i failed to let them scry on arklem, he has mindblank anyway)

plans:
- track liches to shar (they know dragonlake, seed skipper?, other lore?)


Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[silver-helix]: ../factions/silver-helix "Silver Helix"
[andraste]: ../pcs/andraste "Andraste"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
