---
type: recap
---

118-acid-acropolis
27 July 2021

You made your way through the [[acropolis]]. Slowly exploring around, seeing morphing skeletons continuing their messages, and statues creepily morph. Skeletons strangely talked to you like you were Valindra and Larloch.

Avoiding any buttons and teleports, you found the passage from the scry-o-vision, the silvery magic walkway across an acid lake. However, not as connected as you remembered it.

After some rat-shenanigans, you ventured across, found a small chamber with a kobold vampire-spawn; Snurka. Apparently a familiar for Valindra, who has not been there for a 30 nights. Looking after some kind of necrotic acid garden. Not having any of his shit, you put him back in his room, and sealed in the door with metal.

Then you flew across the rest of the lake and met an unprepared blood giant and a drow consort.
Some quick stuns and great dodges after, you dump some bodies into the acid and venture on.

A stench of both rotting flesh and bleach fills the air and a large undead figure shows up on GW's radar. Thinking better of it you go for a short rest upstairs and heal, rather than the full long rest.

On the way down, you see an enormous skeletal mass, covered in black goopy liquid, bones shining. An enormous skeletal dracolich. Clipped wings, shackled to the high archway of the chamber. Large black oozing mass in dark vines floating above it.

As Arklem glides in, to the sound of magical buffs, he proclaims that he only needs one life to take care of you.
"Particularly with my little friend here. I hope you recognise him. He came a long way for this."

## Combat
20 Mordai
18 Arklem
17 Faey
14 Necrolos
10 GW
9 Retriever

NOTES:
- remember to seed mordai's green EB
- remember Arklem Luck + Buffs

TODO:
- battle finalize! (some survivability for Arklem as this goes on; LUCK)

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[acropolis]: ../east/acropolis "acropolis"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
