---
type: recap
---

123-kiansalee-attacks
28 September 2021

You get your final research into Kiaranslee done with the help of Ursula. You refresh on Larloch's demise, identify the type of pet he had (a Behir). GW makes his next pet a frost salamander to try to remind Larloch of his past / and the unholy union that he finds himself within.

While distributing your potions, you try to decide on plans of attack/defense.
Key points you discussed; Larloch is the best for talking to (and whomst you also have partial coverage to his necro res), Irae's probably the hardest hitting one of the bunch with the scythes of the revenancer (whose dmg is a lot of necrotic), Validra could be the best for fighting (all of you have acid res, and she's weak to bludgeoning, but she also has immune to radiant). Unfortunately, your hand is forced as Diana tells you she's on the move.

With Graycloaks distributed across the walls (and Gilbert in left tower), you see Kiaransalee approach. She converts civilians outside the city wall as she slowly marches towards the boundary. You tell Ursula to fetch clerics or basically whatever they have to aid.

You plan on rushing out and talk, but she time stops and summons a series of undead, while you all are monologued at.

Battle commences. Arrow firing simulator for a few rounds. Potions are drunk.

- Mordai with NecroRes/CircleOfPower/AcidRes/Overcharge(c)
- Faey with Speed/Invis/AcidRes (no necrores)
- GW with Strenght/NecroRes/AcidRes/SpiritShroud(c)
(believe GW/Mordai had one superior healing already)

Kiaransalee's gaze starts to sweep across the towers as she gets closer. Some of you get hit.
GW manages to keep Kiaransalee in Larloch's purple form for most of the battle by taunting him about his past and his betrayal, which it doesn't look like he wants to believe, but whenever this happens his protective layers seem to drop a bit (immunity -> resistance).
The one time GW failed to keep Larloch's form, Valindra's form came out, and the acid cone melted the walls and opened a funnel for the remaining undead. It was also discovered that Valindra's form have much higher AC (despite being vulnerable to bludgeoning).
You arrow down the undead matriarch and fireball down drow spectres, driders and finish of the undead bears with an Unstable Singularity.
Faey is sniping things left and right, but does notice that Kiaransalee probably can see him, despite the invisibility.

As we left off; Kiaransalee's purple form slams down near the archers; sends a black rippling Circle of Death through and gets herself some new undead helpers.
Faey does 96 damage with some insane radiant crits Kiaransalee causing her to take to the skies towards you. GW charges in to stop and tries to keep Kiaransaleein in Larloch's form, but as the intimidation fails, the protective shell reforms once more.

top of the round....
beam on faey (truesight + bad gw intimidate)... (he won't lose speed/acidres)
take opportunity attack from GW

NOTES:
- GW's taunting of Larloch's form is working very well. Probably need to have Larloch die soon.
- Gilbert is undead now (out of sight weak skeleton start fight in epilogue)
- reduced kiaransalee's strength immunities to resistances if they plot taunt ANY after stage 1
- Kiaransalee taken 96 pts of damage unhealed (archer dmg healed) so all left from Faey
- gw's wand of [[orcus]] can have chaos consequences if he fails to intimidate it

[[kiaransalee]] main points from [[neverwinter-end-battle]] simulation:
- **valindra tankiest** (radiant immunity, high ac) SO
  * K: disadv on saves + reduce immunity -> resistance if she's triggered
  * faey: adv to hit vs valindra if she's triggered (communicate it)
  * K_v: nail attack vs faey (for deflect potential)
- **irae strongest glass cannon** (hugh dmg output from 4 scythes pr)
  * K: limit her precense to mostly stage 3 where they are buffed
  * K: remember to reaction absorb/shield/counterspell
- **larloch least-worst** (despite high dmg beam)
  * K: should go after faey (despite no acid res) coz of his opposition
  * mordai: start seeding sahaquiel EB?
- **stage 2 setup** fog of war around K
  * ~~larloch chase to halls of justice, throw faey further if possible~~
  * at a nice damage threshold / gw taunt start transformation
  * only Irae/Valindra here (mostly Valindra), but personality attacks still work vs. the union
- **stage 3 pre-buffs**
  * helpers arrive during or before rip into Evernight :: clerics plus mages!
  * faey: holy weapon
  * gw: cleric to restore spell slots
  * mordai: bless
  * party: heal mages

REMEMBER:
- music replacement in [[music]] and [[neverwinter-end-battle]] doc

diana + ursula
https://www.dndbeyond.com/profile/sszynrae/characters/9696877
https://www.dndbeyond.com/profile/sszynrae/characters/9697604

Players:
- Florent
- Guy
- Jay

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[orcus]: ../deities/orcus "Orcus"
[kiaransalee]: ../deities/kiaransalee "Kiaransalee"
[neverwinter-end-battle]: ../north/neverwinter-end-battle "Neverwinter v Kiaransalee"
[music]: ../rules/music "Music"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
